@tarabea80 @BillClinton What kind words Tara. It was great meeting you last night, and thanks for writing!
In less than a week, there will be a run-off in the race to be Georgia's next secretary of state. Georgians deserve a secretary of state who will administer elections fairly and make it easy for every eligible citizen to vote. Help make it happen: https://t.co/7JscoMB51w
Join me for a Broadway play (and some chardonnay) to support the work @OnwardTogether partners are doing to further democracy and fight for our values. 

Throw your hat in the ring here: https://t.co/2a5l9yk8ks https://t.co/0M1ZXMQd0T
Many of this summer’s family separation stories have ended happily thanks to an outpouring of support. But as the headlines have receded, the work has continued. Today is a great day to help.
Kids in Need of Defense, @supportKIND, represents unaccompanied children in court and gives them a chance to be reunited with their families. https://t.co/RBIX2qDMGI
The National Immigrant Justice Center, or @NIJC, helps asylum-seekers win their cases and fights against renewed attempts to separate and jail more families. https://t.co/myOcT2Q6fu
The Refugee and Immigrant Center for Education and Legal Services, @RAICESTEXAS, provides representation to families in asylum and immigration hearings. https://t.co/uVKskLLzCJ
This #GivingTuesday, consider giving to support organizations that have spent the last few months working tirelessly to reunite families the administration has separated at the border. Over 200 children are still waiting to be reunited with loved ones.
Over 300 leading scientists from both inside and outside the government worked on the Fourth National Climate Assessment. You can read it in full here. https://t.co/80nvf1fjSg
Of course, combating climate change is about more than dollars and cents. It's a moral imperative. Our children and grandchildren deserve to live on a planet that can support their lives, liberty, and pursuit of happiness.
"Regional economies and industries that depend on natural resources and favorable climate conditions, such as agriculture, tourism, and fisheries, are vulnerable to the growing impacts of climate change."
"More frequent and intense extreme weather and climate-related events, as well as changes in average climate conditions, are expected to continue to damage infrastructure, ecosystems, and social systems that provide essential benefits to communities."
"With continued growth in emissions at historic rates, annual losses in some economic sectors are projected to reach hundreds of billions of dollars by the end of the century—more than the current GDP of many U.S. states."
The Trump administration tried to bury a federally-mandated climate change study by releasing it the Friday after Thanksgiving. Here's what they didn't want you to hear:
This is wrong. https://t.co/umrKs9CBeK
Democracy hangs in the balance on both sides of Atlantic and we need to save it. Can’t just keep doing the same things. 

For more, check out my Oxford speech: https://t.co/J4cgHCmcZN
In Europe, nationalists like Hungary’s Viktor Orban are exploiting this challenge to stoke fear and resentment. To defeat them and protect democracy, the EU needs a more comprehensive policy that builds societies that are both secure and welcoming.
On both sides of the Atlantic, we need reform. Not open borders, but immigration laws enforced with fairness and respect for human rights. We can’t let fear or bias force us to give up the values that have made our democracies both great and good.
In a recent interview, I talked about how Europe must reject right-wing nationalism and authoritarianism, including by addressing migration with courage and compassion. I also gave a comprehensive speech about this last month.
Trump has made it worse with cruel abuses at the border, detaining children and separating them from their families. It’s one of the most shameful moments in our history.
We passed bipartisan comprehensive reform when I was a senator, but House Republicans killed it. Since then, the GOP has refused to make progress and instead uses the issue to divide our country.
and brings millions of hardworking people into the formal economy, fixes the family visa backlog, upholds the rule of law, and protects our borders and national security.
I have always been and remain a staunch advocate of comprehensive immigration reform that’s true to our values and treats every person with dignity, provides a pathway to full and equal citizenship…
May we all open our hearts and reach across tables today. May we all find hopes and values in common. May there be pie. Happy Thanksgiving.
With Republican secretaries of state pursuing voter suppression tactics in states across the country, it's more important than ever that we elect officials who will make sure every eligible citizen can vote. Kudos to @iVoteFund and @KatieHobbs. https://t.co/fy5WfoGUfP
Spend an evening with Bill and me as we discuss where we go from here. Hope to see you out there! https://t.co/scnEwCzRc6 https://t.co/ndZugzrFSB
On this Transgender Day of Remembrance, we remember the names and the lives of those we’ve lost to violence this year:

https://t.co/zmXbSuOo7n
Gigi Pierce. 
Nino Fortson. 
Karla Patricia Flores-Pavón. 
Sasha Wall. 
Amia Tyrae. 
Phylicia Mitchell. 
Zakaria Fry. 
Celine Walker. 
Tonya Harvey. 
Christa Leigh Steele-Knudslien.
Viccky Gutierrez.
Ciara Minaj Carter. 
Nikki Janelle Enriquez. 
Londonn Moore. 
Shantee Tucker. 
Dejanay Stanton. 
Vontashia Bell. 
Sasha Garden. 
Keisha Wells.
Cathalina Christina James. 
Diamond Stephens. 
Antash’a Devine Sherrington English.
The wildfires in California aren't just one state's crisis. With 77 reported dead and 993 missing, they are a national crisis. To pitch in to a United Way fund for those affected by the wildfires in southern California, text UWVC to 41444. https://t.co/8PjFpuAYXv
.@AndrewGillum ran an extraordinary campaign for governor, full of hope and focused on the needs and dreams of Florida families. Andrew, I'm proud of you and I can't wait to see what you do next.
A wonderful development of this election: Americans elected more than 600 LGBTQ candidates across the country. @victoryinst trained 60 of them. With just 0.1% of elected positions held by LGBTQ people, it has ambitions to build an even bigger #RainbowWave: https://t.co/mlLyLr0pSI
Our fight for full democracy in America must continue, and Stacey is committing to fight for fair elections in Georgia. Let’s join her: https://t.co/kb5b6RhlJt
Thank you, @StaceyAbrams, for fighting for Georgia and for the integrity of our elections. Everyone should be able to exercise their right to vote. Every vote should be counted.
Even in 1992, when I first met him, it was clear Chad Griffin would do a lot of good in the world. Little did I know! Grateful for his leadership at @HRC in fighting against discrimination and for marriage equality, and mobilizing millions to build a more just, equal America.
As of last week, over 200 children in detention near the border are still separated from their families. It's been over 100 days since the deadline for the administration to reunite them.
Following last week's great elections for Democrats (and our democracy), @arenasummit is laying the groundwork for an even better 2020. Get updates on their upcoming volunteer placement tool, staff and candidate trainings, and summits: https://t.co/KIdy6dFTAl
A state legislator once brushed off Cassandra Levesque’s campaign to end child marriage in New Hampshire as “a request from a minor doing a Girl Scout project.” So Cassandra, 19 years old, ran for the state legislature herself—and won. https://t.co/xxVGyAprRn https://t.co/MSiSaNI2tH
Tonight, @cvivianstringer won her 1,000th career victory as a basketball coach. She's just the ninth coach in the history of the sport to reach this milestone, the fifth NCAA Division 1 women's coach and the first African American. Congrats, Coach Stringer, and here’s to 1,001. https://t.co/eC029yWd24
I hope everyone has a chance to read @MichelleObama's wonderful new memoir, Becoming. Michelle's fierce intelligence, sharp wit, and beautiful soul comes through on every page. Thank you for sharing your story with us, my friend. https://t.co/Mc5Bm36Oqw
Reproductive rights are human rights. Women's freedom to decide whether and when to have children is core to their liberty as human beings. Today, we celebrate the power to decide. https://t.co/wQLXOYFkwJ #ThxBirthControl
Last Tuesday, Americans voted a wave of amazing Democrats into office up and down the ballot, including, for the first time, over 100 women in Congress. This Tuesday, ask someone amazing you know to join them in running for office: https://t.co/HHMRVwZfsD
A brilliant way to draw attention to the equal pay gap: Women in the UK set out-of-office notifications this weekend saying they'll be out for the final six weeks of the year they'll be working "for free." https://t.co/Lyn89sRbkS
The final margin in the race for Senate in Florida is too close to call, and the Secretary of State has just ordered a recount. Help make sure Senator Nelson's team has everything they need for this process, and that every vote is counted: https://t.co/QcYOOeshyw
My heart goes out to everyone affected by the fires in California. People have lost loved ones, pets, and homes, and the fires are still going. If you'd like to help, here are a few organizations that are working locally to support survivors: https://t.co/OaaZYzxCTZ
So proud of my friend @Ann_OLeary, who was just announced as Governor @GavinNewsom’s chief of staff. Ann is brilliant, hard-working, and kind. I know her team will do great things for California.
Like our amazing partners, we're just getting started. If you'd like to join our team, sign up here: https://t.co/8vbxiBzd0F
Thank you all for your service to your country. Take a well-deserved rest, and then let's keep going.
.@alliance4youth, @IndivisibleTeam, and @swingleft set about organizing locally to mobilize young people and win back Congress. I truly don't think we would have won back the House without them.
.@iVoteFund has defended democracy itself, fighting hard against voter suppression and for secretaries of state and local measures that will make it easier for every American to exercise their right to vote.
.@ColorOfChange and @DomesticWorkers have spent the last two years waging campaigns to defend civil rights against the administration's attacks and building powerful communities for change.
.@LatinoVictoryUS and @VotoLatino have worked to mobilize Latino voters and elect progressive Latino candidates, sending dozens of amazing candidates to office up and down the ballot.
.@arenasummit, @CollectivePAC, @EmergeAmerica, and @runforsomething have collectively recruited, trained, and supported hundreds of candidates up and down the ballot. They are building a Democratic bench, candidate by candidate and race by race.
These organizations are recruiting a new Democratic bench, defending rights, and organizing locally to fight for progressive policies that improve people's lives. I'm so proud.
Thanks and congratulations to all our @OnwardTogether partners for two years of hard work that paid off in a big way this week.
Georgians, spread the word: The deadline is 5pm today for people who voted with paper ballots to make sure their votes are counted. https://t.co/Z4T496i3sB
Georgia voters: If you voted with a provisional ballot on Tuesday, make sure your ballot will be counted as votes continue to be tallied in the governor's race. https://t.co/Pacce3P7hb
Congratulations to Lucy McBath for winning her race for Georgia's sixth congressional district. Lucy entered public life after her son, Jordan, was shot and killed. Now, she's brought her voice to Congress in the fight to prevent gun violence. Onward, Lucy!
Our work is far from over. As we celebrate our wins, let's be clear about what's ahead. 

This is a crucial step in a long road to repairing our democracy. It'll take all of us to do it. What a start this is.
Win or lose, what you've built will continue long after last night.
None of these victories would have been possible if people had simply given up after the heartbreak of 2016. They belong to all the volunteers and candidates who worked impossible hours, logged hundreds of miles, and knocked on countless doors.
There were important wins for rights, too, including Floridians voting to restore the voting rights of 1 million of their fellow citizens and Nevada approving automatic voter registration.
These historic firsts are important not just because representation matters (and it does), but because these extraordinary women will bring perspectives that have been absent from our policy debates for far too long.
The inspiring Lucy McBath became an activist for common-sense gun reform after her son, Jordan, was shot and killed. This cycle, she ran for Congress in a heavily Republican district in Georgia—and it looks likely she will win.
Janet Mills will be the first woman governor of Maine. Cindy Axne and Abby Finkenauer will be the first women to represent Iowa in the House. Finkenauer and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez are the youngest women to be elected to Congress ever.
Ayanna Pressley and Jahana Hayes will be the first black women to represent Massachusetts and Connecticut in Congress, respectively. Tish James will be the first black woman to be New York's attorney general.
Sharice Davids and Deb Haaland will be the first Native American women to ever serve in Congress. Rashida Tlaib and Ilhan Omar will be the first Muslim women to serve.
It was a historic night in so many ways: For the first time ever, over 100 women were elected to Congress—including a record number of women of color.
Congratulations to all the voters, volunteers, organizers, and candidates who voted last night to put a powerful check on this administration and start building a better future for everyone in our country.
Remember, Georgia: If you’re in line when the polls close at 7pm, you can still cast a ballot—so stay in line and vote! While the GOP has been trying to make this election about anything but the future you want for your families, you are on the verge of making history.
For voters in Georgia and elsewhere who are waiting in long lines to vote: You have the right to vote as long as you're in line when the polls close. Please stay in line, encourage those around you to do the same, and help bring this home for @StaceyAbrams. #StayInLine https://t.co/MCBsuVzAui
Voting should be easy. If it isn't, call the Election Protection hotline at 866-OUR-VOTE with any questions. https://t.co/LFyaclyrz2
If they win, they’ll do great things for America. Let's exercise our birthright as Americans today, put those people in office, and continue the hard work of saving our democracy. 

It'll take all of us. Happy Election Day.
But we won't just vote against radicalism, bigotry, and corruption today. 

We'll vote for fantastic candidates all over the country—including a historic number of women—who want to raise wages, fight for justice, and help more people get health care.
For the past two years, we've watched this administration attack and undermine our democratic institutions and values. Today, we say enough.
Polls are open. Confirm where you'll vote: https://t.co/KQEtrUZNDk
Need to confirm where you'll vote? https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm has you covered. https://t.co/KQEtrUZNDk
When you wake up Wednesday morning, will you know that you've done all you could have? 

There's still time to:

- Talk to friends in swing districts: https://t.co/pocwA3C0bA
- Make calls or texts: https://t.co/m43GBda4ez
- Knock on doors near you: https://t.co/kTMxn9057m
.@VotoLatino &amp; @Lyft are providing free rides to the polls in Arizona, California, Colorado, Georgia, Kansas, Florida, Nevada, New Mexico, Texas, &amp; Wisconsin. 

Spread the word: To request a ride, text VoteVL to 73179. 

You can also help cover rides here: https://t.co/8kGxCedAxq
Share this with any friends or family members who think their vote doesn't matter. https://t.co/kmwFxw4bIe
We’ve seen GOP secretaries of state purge voter rolls and close voting sites. We should make it as easy as possible for every American to vote. Step 1: Help @iVoteFund elect Democratic secretaries of state. If you can, pitch in for the home stretch: https://t.co/CVV8ejU9z0
However and wherever you choose to GOTV this weekend, thank you for getting in there! We'll win back our democracy if we work for it.
.@SwingLeft's Academy has instructional videos covering everything you need to know before heading out to knock on doors this or taking a phone bank shift this weekend: https://t.co/hnWmE4fPF1
.@Resist_School has excellent trainings on canvassing best practices, including how to encourage someone to commit to an action (like voting!): https://t.co/lTXPQ0pFR0
.@ArenaSummit's campaign toolbox has trainings on organizing, storytelling, and GOTV—including how to have effective GOTV conversations: https://t.co/S9mA2F322V
.@TrainDems provides free trainings to Democrats, staffers, and volunteers working on campaigns at every level around the country. Join over 21,000 people who have taken advantage: https://t.co/UnsJDR4DyC
Need some brushing up on your GOTV-ing skills before heading out for the last four days? Here are some tireless organizations that have you covered:
Want to be inspired? Watch this remarkable ad before you go out and vote. https://t.co/PE7iG4wOHK
The deadline to make a public comment opposing indefinite detention of immigrant families is the same as another big deadline—November 6. As you GOTV, take five minutes to say #FamiliesBelongTogether: 
https://t.co/gJOAcb0hFz
High school and college students of voting age are making a plan to march to the polls together next Tuesday. Make sure young voters you know don't miss out: https://t.co/Mrfg0N8m5I https://t.co/u6ZEpBcXia
Study after study shows that one of the best ways to get out the vote is to talk to potential voters in person the week before the election. It's not too late to sign up to help, and to bring a friend along with you: https://t.co/0wc4OaV46T
It's more important than ever this week to remember the children who have still not been reunited with their families after this administration separated them at the border months ago. Vote to repudiate this horrendous policy. Vote to reject the bigotry that led to it.
People are more likely to vote when their friends nudge them to vote. They're also more likely to vote when they have a plan to vote. So ask a friend today: "What's your plan to vote?"
There's a concrete way you can help immigrant children and their families at the border today. 

The Trump administration wants to change regulations to allow indefinite detention. 

Make a public comment to DHS about why you oppose the policy: https://t.co/gJOAcbhSx7
This thread has important information for Texans about using the state's electronic voting machines. Casting your ballot should be easy. If it isn't, call the 866-OUR-VOTE Election Protection hotline. https://t.co/gGPRjWWKHB
Our democracy is in crisis. In just one week, we as citizens have the chance to pull it back from the brink. 

Let's wake up on November 7 and know that we did everything we could in this last week to win. 

Don't just vote this year—volunteer. https://t.co/0wc4OaV46T
Two states have voter registration deadlines today:

Connecticut: Deadline to register in person, by mail, or online. You can also register at a local election office through Election Day.

Utah: Deadline to register in person or online.

For more, go to https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm.
Make sure your friends and family in Washington state know that today is their last day to register to vote! All the information they need is at https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm.
I'm thrilled today to endorse 19 @runforsomething candidates. These thoughtful young people are committed to serving their communities and they'll bring fresh perspectives and new solutions to public office. I can't wait to see what they accomplish. https://t.co/8ZdQiohcPn
Governors set the tone and direction for their states. They’re also our last line of defense against some of the Trump administration’s worst policies. So pick a candidate—or two or three—and help flip one of these 17 races. One week to go.
.@GretchenWhitmer never backs down from tackling the problems facing Michigan’s working families, and she was a key leader in addressing Detroit’s financial crisis. The Flint water crisis was a powerful motivator in Gretchen’s decision to jump in the race. https://t.co/RgLb9ZyLtY
.@JanetMillsforME is an experienced leader and an outstanding public servant running for governor of Maine to expand economic opportunity. She currently serves as the state’s attorney general and is a tireless champion for Maine families. https://t.co/TtJNbkaMAq
.@NHMollyKelly is an experienced leader and tireless fighter running for New Hampshire governor. She’ll fight to improve economic security for working families and expand opportunity for all. https://t.co/Uf8PnTQwzf
.@MarkBegich is a dedicated public servant, business owner, and former U.S. senator who has a record of cutting through bureaucracy to get things done for Alaskans. In office, he'll prioritize schools, jobs, and affordable health care. https://t.co/U4UXFaQFum
.@dg4az is a husband, dad, veteran and teacher who will fight for education and root out corruption in Arizona. David is a national education expert who will invest in schools so all of Arizona’s children can live up to their God-given potential. https://t.co/uMos7xSvwp
In one week, we have the chance to flip 17 governorships from red to blue. Here are four incredible candidates who deserve your support:
It was such a delight to talk with the @BGTX team tonight. They’re turning Texas into a battleground state by treating it like one, from endorsing an all-women slate of candidates to registering 55,000 voters this cycle. Hard work pays off. Keep it going—eight more days! #GameOn
My thoughts are with everyone affected by this morning’s horrific shooting at The Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. We can and must put a stop to this violence and this hate. It should have no home in America.
We are forever grateful to have known him and will always be proud members of #GayleNation.
He spent his 30 years doing all the good he could, in all the ways he could, for as long as he could. Our prayers are with Tyrone’s family, especially his wife, Beth, and their huge community of devoted friends.
Whatever he did, he did with his whole heart—whether he was running sprints, planning his wedding to the love of his life, rooting for his beloved Clemson Tigers, or working to build an America as kind, compassionate, and big-hearted as Tyrone himself.
The HFA family lost Tyrone Gayle last night. He was one of the fiercest fighters we will ever know. https://t.co/zhMiGJRNFu
Matthew’s parents, Judy and Dennis, lobbied hard for the Matthew Shepard &amp; James Byrd Jr Hate Crimes Prevention Act. They knew it wouldn't bring their son back, but they wanted other LGBT people to have that protection and justice. May their example inspire us all in these times.
Matthew Shepard's ashes were laid to rest in the Washington National Cathedral today. Two days later, we’ll mark the nine-year anniversary of President Obama signing a law that bears Matthew’s name.
Nebraskans, today's your deadline to register to vote. Check your registration and spread the word to your friends and family: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
America is one of the oldest democracies in the world, and voting is our most sacred right as citizens. Let's make it easy for every single American to cast a ballot.
Fourth, vote for state legislature candidates and governors who will support laws that make voting registration automatic, make vote by mail possible, and extend early voting periods. @Sister_District, @flippable_org, and @TheDLCC are excellent organizations to plug into.
Third, help elect secretaries of state around the country who will work to make it easier for people to cast their ballots. @iVoteFund is leading the charge here. https://t.co/nOwkYMPWDQ
Second, know that if you're a registered voter, you have the right to vote. This @ACLU guide walks you through your rights. https://t.co/4j8S5GEe4X
What can we do to protect our right to vote? 

First, know that it's still likely that you'll be able to vote quickly and easily. Problems in some areas doesn't mean there are problems everywhere.
Republican lawmakers justify such laws because they protect against "voter fraud." But "voter fraud" has been proven in study after study to be a virtually non-existent problem, with incidence rates between 0.0003 percent and 0.0025 percent. https://t.co/5brRSX9VjW
In Texas, groups like @TXCivilRights and @MOVE_Texas argue that officials' decision to limit early voting at college campus sites specifically targets students. https://t.co/625R7066vz
Georgia's secretary of state, Brian Kemp, is overseeing his own election for governor and has put 53,000 voter registrations on hold, 70% of them from black voters, because they don't adhere to an "exact match" standard of name spellings. https://t.co/winbxiHNjl
In this cycle, Native Americans are scrambling for IDs because of a new voting law that requires them to use identification that lists a street address rather than a P.O. box, which many who live on reservations have used for years. https://t.co/z008t65PIt
Fast-forward a few years: 24 states have put new voting restrictions in place since 2010, including photo ID rules in Alabama, "use it or lose it" laws in Ohio, and "exact match" laws in Georgia.
First, some history. The 2013 Supreme Court case Shelby v. Holder gutted the 1965 Voting Rights Act by ruling that states with a history of voter suppression no longer needed the federal government to approve changes to voting rules.
Let's talk about voter suppression, how you can protect your rights in this election, and how we can fight to make America a place where every citizen can make their voice heard.
Reproductive rights are human rights—all around the world. https://t.co/asOM89aS7J
It was wonderful spending time in Florida yesterday campaigning with some familiar faces. Make sure Floridians in your life know how lucky they are to get the chance to vote for @AndrewGillum for governor and @DonnaShalala for Congress! https://t.co/0wMIrsQLjW
.@EmergeAmerica has recruited and trained thousands of Democratic women to run for office, and 560 of their alums will be on the ballot in two weeks. Historic numbers of women are running all over the country. We're at the beginning of a new era. https://t.co/5ed8wq9TKF
I'm grateful for the hard work and commitment of the Secret Service every day, and never more than this week.
The elections two weeks from today are our chance to put a check on an administration that has undermined the rule of law, brought corruption into the Oval Office, attacked immigrants, and vilified journalists. 

Do more than vote this year. Volunteer: https://t.co/0wc4OaV46T
Whatever you choose to do, do something. With only two weeks before the election, we don't have a moment to lose.
.@TheDLCC recruits, trains, and supports local Democrats running for state legislative office. They provide candidates with field support, data, and other resources. (They also have a great new podcast.) Listen and pitch in to support their mission: https://t.co/c5sMYlBkWD
.@Flippable_org is supporting more than 130 candidates in strategic states to flip legislative chambers, build progressive majorities, and restore democracy. Read their plan for your state, then pitch in and volunteer: https://t.co/5kg40hubRl
.@Sister_District makes it easy for anyone, anywhere to get involved in a state legislature race. And as their volunteers can tell you, it's fun. Join them in these last two weeks before the election: https://t.co/U7eyCM7WOl
There are many organizations doing great work in the states, but I'd like to highlight three in particular—including two @OnwardTogether partners, @Sister_District and @Flippable_org:
State legislature races are also a great way to make an impact as an activist. The budgets and walk lists are smaller than those of congressional races, so you can move the needle with a few volunteer hours or donations.
Winning back state legislatures is also important in this last election before the 2020 Census. State legislatures redraw congressional districts every 10 years based on those numbers, and Democratic legislative majorities can shut down gerrymandering that disenfranchises voters.
State legislatures with Democratic majorities can help preserve access to the ballot for people of color, reproductive freedoms for women, the rights of LGBTQ people, protections for immigrants, Medicaid expansions, and more.
A reality of a Supreme Court with a right-wing majority is that the states are a new important front in protecting civil rights—especially the rights of the most vulnerable among us.
Alabama, California, South Dakota: Your deadline to register to vote is today. Time to check your voter registration and get your friends and family to do the same. https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
This is an attack on the humanity of transgender people and it cannot stand. Let's send a clear message that we won't sit back and allow this type of discrimination in two weeks at the ballot box. https://t.co/grIA0sIqN7
I agree with the @LATimes: Fiona Ma should be California's next treasurer. https://t.co/rVo2IoYZT6
Seventy-eight congressional districts will determine whether or not we flip the House in three weeks. Find out if you live in one—then recruit your friends and neighbors to make a plan to vote: https://t.co/LjXkfkX6it
.@TinaSmithMN shares some qualities with her wonderful home state: hardworking, no-nonsense, huge heart. She's in a tight race to keep working for Minnesota families in a race that could decide control of the Senate. Pitch in if you can: https://t.co/anz5gBQhvU
The administration's deadline to reunite families it separated at the border passed 12 weeks ago today. What is their plan to rectify this great wrong, and to do it immediately?
Today is the final deadline to register to vote in Nevada. Help get the word out: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
Make sure any South Carolinians or Wisconsinites you know don't miss their chance to vote. Both states' voter registration deadlines are today: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
Whatever you do, do something. These midterm elections are our last chance to defend our democracy. Let's win.
Take advantage of @IndivisibleTeam's virtual phone-banking tool to make calls reminding people to vote. 

Recruit some friends to join you and make an afternoon of it. https://t.co/HCpjuWfXgi
Make a plan to vote, volunteer, make strategic donations, and turn out friends with https://t.co/2eWwr3g8D9. 

Just answer a few questions about where you vote and how you can help and they'll send you a personalized plan of action.
Study after study shows that person-to-person conversations are the most effective way to turn people out to vote. 

Sign up with @SwingLeft to knock on doors in a toss-up congressional district near you during the last weekend before the election. https://t.co/0wc4OaV46T
Our democracy is in crisis. The president degrades the rule of law, spreads corruption, and discredits truth. Over the next three weeks, we all have a chance to turn back the tide. Here are three things you can do before November 6:
There are final voter registration deadlines today in six states and the District of Columbia. 

Make sure you've checked your registration—then recruit a friend to do the same so they don't miss their chance to vote in this crucial election: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/QUrzkTdtDB
Today is the last day for Virginia voters to register. 

Help get the word out to friends and family in the state—https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm has all the information they need.
Delawareans: You're up. Today is your final deadline to register to vote—make sure you're counted: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
And they're just getting started. You can support the @CGIU program here: https://t.co/Z3h645Sf82
Ryan Ubuntu Olson has worked with governments, businesses, and service organizations to support marginalized communities. https://t.co/Hzi1qcDbKF
Ximena Murillo opened community centers to help women in her native Bolivia develop their reading and writing skills and prepare for careers. https://t.co/QuNb9nP7zD
Daquan Oliver founded an entrepreneurship program to empower low-income teens and help them break the cycle of poverty. https://t.co/BUHN6uDwET
If you could use a bit of hope and inspiration this week, let me introduce you to a few young leaders who are turning solutions to global challenges into action at @CGIU, Clinton Global Initiative's year-round program for up-and-coming social entrepreneurs and innovators.
New Yorkers and Oklahomans: Today is your last chance to register to vote. 

Take two minutes now to check your registration, and nudge friends to do the same—don't let them miss their chance to vote. https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
Seriously, you asked Russia to hack me on national television. https://t.co/YPktJyQ7Gx
Eleven weeks ago, the administration was supposed to finish reunifying families it separated at the border. Eleven weeks on, families are still waiting and wondering when they'll see their loved ones again. Every additional minute they wait is an injustice.
Join me, @ChrisMurphyCT, @TimKaine, and a host of Democratic senators and gun violence prevention organizations to help these folks get elected. 

Chip in today to their campaigns, and your support will be split equally among them. 

Let’s beat the NR8. https://t.co/0zNfNx7ibZ
.@ColinAllredTX, @JenniferWexton, @RosenForNevada, @JasonCrow06, @WildForCongress, @Lizzie4Congress, @Joshua_Harder, and @MikeLevinCA are working hard to talk to voters about how gun violence has affected their lives, and what we can all do to make our communities safer.
We have another chance to make progress this fall, when eight brave candidates for Congress will be on the ballot facing some of the gun lobby's biggest defenders.
They told me about their grief, and also about their anger and frustration toward a political system that couldn’t seem to take action to prevent other kids from dying from unnecessary gun violence.
Some of the most painful and rewarding conversations I have had on the campaign trail were with parents who had lost their children to gun violence.
Democracy means debating and compromising, participating in shared institutions, and honoring the rights and needs of all citizens. I was honored to share this message at Queen's University Belfast today. https://t.co/XyyGjuSFO0 https://t.co/JSm5wB905m
The world is watching. Northern Ireland has been a symbol to people everywhere of democracy’s power to transcend divisions and deliver prosperity, peace, and progress. We need that symbol, that reality, now more than ever.
Democracy is a habit. It must be practiced again and again. Yes, that means voting. But it also means debating and compromising, participating in shared institutions, and honoring the rights and needs of all citizens.
It’s crucial that however it comes out, Brexit should not be allowed to undermine the peace and prosperity that has been so dearly won here.
I do not come today as an authority with all the answers—only you will find those—but as a friend who knows how hard the people of Northern Ireland have worked and suffered to transcend old conflicts. You deserve a future worthy of that struggle.
About to speak at beautiful Queen's University in Belfast to talk about all that’s been achieved in the 20 years since the Good Friday Agreement, and what the future can hold for all of us. https://t.co/XyyGjuSFO0
Missourians! Your last chance to register to vote is today, October 10. Check your registration now, and ask three friends or family members to do the same: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
I spoke at Oxford University today about the challenges ahead of us, both abroad and at home, and how we can come together to meet them for the sake of our democracy:
https://t.co/2k9NFnc9Ql
Now is the time to bring human rights out of the ivory tower and into what Eleanor Roosevelt called "small places close to home"—into neighborhoods and schools, offices, factories, and farms, and the hearts and daily interactions of men and women everywhere.
In the years since, in country after country, human rights have come to be seen not as a high-minded luxury but as a core national interest. But we have urgent work to do.
Seventy years ago this December, 58 countries came together at the end of World War II to offer the world a roadmap for peace and prosperity strong enough to withstand the appeals of demagogues and the ravages of poverty and fear.
Today, October 9, is the final deadline to register to vote in this critical election if you live in one of these states. Check your registration today, and tell a friend: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/qCwCVJWLoa
About to give a wide-ranging speech at Oxford University’s @BonaveroIHR on human rights and where we go 70 years on from the signing of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Tune in:
https://t.co/SI8U0e0lZC
Leaders around the world should treat the new @IPCC_CH report as a call to arms. 

We have barely 10 years to ward off catastrophic warming with destabilizing effects for all of us. 

Our children and grandchildren deserve action, and action now. https://t.co/2xwp8WDdE2
Denis Mukwege and Nadia Murad’s work to end the use of sexual violence as a weapon of war has brought awareness to a horrific practice and helped survivors get the care they need. My heartfelt congratulations to both for their well-deserved Nobel Peace Prize.
A full 10 weeks since the administration's deadline to reunite families they separated at the border, over 100 families are still waiting. #FamiliesBelongTogether
Seriously: Don't just vote this year. Volunteer. https://t.co/1b3PnpDm0r
Making sure this works. https://t.co/L6NQrWNoaN
In the face of an administration that doesn’t care about the middle class, this is a bold, impressive step by Amazon. Kudos to Jeff Bezos and the employees fighting for 15. https://t.co/p0RqHPlQch
.@JasonKander’s openness and honesty about his PTSD is a service to his fellow vets and the rest of us, too. Wishing you all the best. https://t.co/qfXXVe6yel
Thirty-five days until the election. Have your friends and family checked their voter registration yet? Give them a nudge to do it today. Deadlines are approaching quickly. https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
Pitch in to their campaigns if you can, reach out to friends in their districts to encourage their support, or start with a like or a follow. November 6th is only 36 days away, so there's no time to waste.
Cassandra Levesque is only 19 years old, but she already has a successful statewide campaign under her belt: She spent four years working with her legislator to end child marriage in New Hampshire. Now she's running for state rep herself. https://t.co/zm86wqit9i
Ashton Clemmons is a former school principal and assistant superintendent running in North Carolina's House District 57. She led the turn-around of one of the state's lowest-performing schools and wants to help fight for the futures of her state’s kids. https://t.co/0VGi1YgJGK
Jasmine Clark is running to represent District 108 in Georgia's House. A microbiologist, she serves as faculty at universities in the Atlanta area and wants to bring both her scientific background and record of community activism to the state legislature. https://t.co/1m7sDzG5iB
Alex Brown is running for a seat on Chico, California's city council. She has worked in social services for most of her career and is particularly passionate about mental health, LGBTQ+ advocacy, and violence prevention. https://t.co/yYOg9bRbOs
Merleyn Bell is a fifth-generation Oklahoman running for a seat in the state legislature’s House District 45. She wants to focus on funding public education, expanding access to affordable health care, and revitalizing the state’s infrastructure. https://t.co/t0hwYfgYC4
If you're angry and ready for change, there's a concrete way to fight back: help candidates with progressive values win their elections on November 6th. 

Here are some excellent @runforsomething-endorsed candidates who deserve your support:
.@Tech4Campaigns, a new addition to the @OnwardTogether network, matches people with tech expertise with campaigns that need their skills. The deadline to get matched is Wednesday—sign up yourself, or spread the word: https://t.co/BepsVdjahU
Studies show the single most effective way to encourage people to vote is to talk to them in person or on the phone in the days just before the election.

This year, don't just vote. Volunteer.

Find your closest swing district with @SwingLeft: 

https://t.co/QSdE8ZbYzl https://t.co/VY4SHnaasD
"Some staff members cried when they learned of the move, the shelter worker said, fearing what was in store for the children who had been in their care." This is horrifying. https://t.co/uV2bzqVeyP
What a thrill to join @SenecaWomen at their forum today. I’ve worked w/ Reema Nanavaty, Gauri Ramabhai, &amp; @melanneverveer for years on empowering women in India, &amp; we sure covered the waterfront in our discussion, from technology to microloans to clean cookstoves. #SenecaConnect https://t.co/z6djlfQYja
There are excellent candidates running all over the country who will raise wages, bring down health-care costs, fight for justice, and provide some much-needed congressional oversight of the White House. Make sure you're ready to vote for them.
Have questions about voting? Call the DNC's voter hotline at 833-336-VOTE.
Can't vote in person? Get an absentee ballot. https://t.co/8uJvt6TrPa
Then, find out when and where you'll vote. Depending on where you live, your state might make early voting available. Minnesota is already casting ballots! https://t.co/ALg27FrAdG
First: Register to vote, or check your registration to make sure you're ready to vote. Then pass on the link to a friend: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
In honor of National Voter Registration Day, I want to highlight some  tools you can use to get registered to vote and register friends. With only six weeks before the election, it's all hands on deck.
.@ArenaSummit has made it easy to support candidates who are on the ballot in this fall's midterm elections. Download their new app, specify how you can help, and it'll build a custom plan for you: 

https://t.co/ugeZrHAK0v https://t.co/Kee329mjQv
Donate your time or money to their campaigns if you can. Our government should represent us, and Congress is only 20% women right now. Let's change that ratio!
.@Deb4CongressNM is a lawyer, an enrolled member of the Pueblo of Laguna, and a candidate for Congress in the 1st district of New Mexico. If Deb wins in November, she’ll be the first Native woman elected to Congress. https://t.co/Vpt64okvPP
.@StaceyAbrams is the Democratic nominee for governor of Georgia. She’s served as Georgia’s House Minority Leader, founded a voter registration organization, and written eight romance novels! She’s running to strengthen Georgia's schools and economy. https://t.co/aXRoC2AwUC
.@GinaOrtizJones is a veteran of the Iraq war, intelligence officer, and candidate for Congress in the 23rd district of Texas. She wants to create good-paying jobs and expand health care options for all Texans. https://t.co/dVkWX3lq24
.@LucyWins2018 is a businesswoman and activist running for Congress in the 6th district of Georgia. After her son, Jordan Davis, was shot and killed, Lucy turned her grief into action by fighting for both gun safety and criminal justice reform. https://t.co/oICyimFqtr
With a historic number of women running this year, we have a tremendous opportunity to make our government better reflect our country. We'd all be lucky to see these four extraordinary candidates win their races for Congress this fall:
A reported 211 families are still waiting to be reunited since the administration separated them at the border. It's been a full eight weeks since the deadline to reunite them, and we all need to continue speaking out about this inexcusable delay. #FamiliesBelongTogether
Democracy works only when we accept that we’re in this together. 

We can’t just ask, “Am I better off than I was four years ago?” We have to ask, “Are we better off? Are we as a country better, stronger, and fairer?” Ultimately, healing our country will come down to each of us.
Above all, we need to find a way to restitch our fraying social fabric and rekindle our civic spirit. We need to bring back civics education in our schools. We need systemic economic reforms that reduce inequality and give a strong voice to working families.
We need to improve and protect our elections, from instituting paper ballot backups to repairing the Voting Rights Act, getting secret money out of politics, and—you won't be surprised to hear my support for this—abolishing the Electoral College.
Then, we need to do some housecleaning. Just as Nixon’s abuses of power led to reforms, post-Trump all future presidential candidates should be required by law to release their tax returns. They also should not be exempt from ethics requirements and conflict-of-interest rules.
First: We’ve got to mobilize turnout in the midterms. There are fantastic candidates all over the country who’ll do great things, and we could finally see some congressional oversight of the White House.
With our democracy in crisis and our institutions and traditions under siege, we need to do everything we can to fight back. Here's how.
Whether it was stealing a Supreme Court seat, gerrymandering congressional districts to disenfranchise African Americans, or muzzling government climate scientists, Republicans were undermining American democracy long before Trump made it to the Oval Office.
We should be clear about this: The increasing radicalism and irresponsibility of the Republican Party, including decades of demeaning government, demonizing Democrats, and debasing norms, is what gave us Donald Trump.
There is a tendency, when talking about these things, to wring our hands about "both sides." But the truth is that this is not a symmetrical problem.
Donald Trump refuses to be subject to the law. The legitimacy of our elections is in doubt. The president is waging war on the truth. The administration is undermining the national unity that makes democracy possible. And then there's the breathtaking corruption.
On the day after the election, I hoped my fears for our country's future were overblown. 

They were not.
I've written a new afterword for "What Happened" breaking down what we've learned since it was published, how we got here, and how we can heal our body politic. The new edition is available today: https://t.co/RPyFsw96xT
Voting registration deadlines are coming up fast. Take two minutes now to check your registration, and ask a friend to do the same: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
Tyrone Gayle, a beloved member of the HFA team, was known to stay at the office until midnight and run six miles the next morning. Now, his friend (and fellow HFA alum) Jesse is running to raise funds for Tyrone as he fights cancer. Pitch in if you can: https://t.co/gbzLpuVsZn
There are 50 days left until midterm elections. If you're good and mad and ready to rebuild our democracy, I'm asking you to do more than vote this year. Take the next step and volunteer. 

Sign up with @SwingLeft for #TheLastWeekend: https://t.co/Q72Bmx3ESB https://t.co/OplU9ZwPCm
My new afterword for "What Happened" is excerpted in @TheAtlantic. It's about the constitutional crisis building in our democracy and why we should all be focused, determined and, yes, optimistic as we work to save our country. https://t.co/HBEvB9919F
In sum: Kavanaugh doesn't think judges should consider public safety or allow common-sense gun laws. Meanwhile, 96 Americans are killed with guns every day. 

Call your senators: (202) 224-3121
“Gun bans and gun regulations that are not longstanding or sufficiently rooted in the text, history and tradition are not consistent with the Second Amendment individual right," he added.
Judge Kavanaugh dissented when the D.C. appeals court ruled in 2011 that the city could ban semiautomatic rifles and require handgun registration. He argued that courts shouldn't consider the public safety benefits of gun laws: "Our task is to apply the Constitution."
Let's talk about Brett Kavanaugh's past rulings on guns. He's out of the mainstream, even among other conservative judges, in his willingness to strike down legislatures' public safety measures to prevent gun violence if they don't align with his politics.
The administration is now seven weeks late in meeting its deadline to reunite families they separated at the border. Hundreds of families have spent the past seven weeks waiting and worrying. There's no possible excuse for continuing to keep them apart. #FamiliesBelongTogether
Congrats to the great @barb_kinney on her new book collecting her photos from the campaign trail in 2016. She captured the joy and exhaustion and energy of it all, from late nights on the plane to being backstage with Beyoncé. Out November 1st! https://t.co/upy8DbfyLK
We've already seen the heartbreaking damage that detention can do to kids. It's terrible to think of what could happen to them if they're held indefinitely. 

You can help by leaving a comment to protest the proposed rule here: 

https://t.co/tZaiOSFMUo
This went under the radar last week, but we all need to speak out about it. 

The administration has moved to change decades-old rules so that they can hold migrant children in custody indefinitely. Right now, the detention limit for children is 20 days. 

https://t.co/PCDptNZWdb
.@VotoLatino just set out an ambitious goal for 2018: register over 200,000 Latinx voters in Arizona, Florida, Nevada, North Carolina, Texas, and other key states. 

Know someone who may not have registered? Pass on this link: https://t.co/hYxbhlNxiK #SomosMas https://t.co/T6u4UZHf0P
This is exciting. @DrLeanaWen has dedicated her career to making sure vulnerable communities get access to the care they need, and she's the fighter we need to stand up to political attacks on women's health. https://t.co/7Cc766xAdm
Let’s be clear: Women have just as much right as men to make the most personal health decisions without government interference. We are equal citizens and we will insist on nothing less in this country. 

Please call your senators and relay the message: (202) 224-3121
Sen. @kamalaharris asked Brett Kavanaugh last week: "Can you think of any laws that give the government the power to make decisions about the male body?" He said he was not. Because there are none.
Imagine an America in which women are barred from getting IUDs or birth control pills, and doctors are criminalized for prescribing them. It's an America in which women would be punished for insisting on being full and equal partners in society.
When Kavanaugh called birth control "abortion-inducing drugs," he made it clear that safe and legal abortion isn't the only fundamental reproductive right at grave risk if he is confirmed. Access to birth control is, too.
Kavanaugh didn't use that term because he misunderstands the basic  science of birth control—the fact that birth control prevents fertilization of eggs in the first place. He used that term because it's a dog whistle to the extreme right.
I want to be sure we're all clear about something that Brett Kavanaugh said in his confirmation hearings last week. He referred to birth-control pills as "abortion-inducing drugs." That set off a lot of alarm bells for me, and it should for you, too.
May we always remember those we lost 17 years ago. May the love, bravery, and selflessness so many showed that day light our path forward.
This took courage. Thank you, David, for speaking out. Now let’s turn to the future and mobilize people for the midterms. https://t.co/hwGjqLVCEu
We're not fighting for the planet in some abstract sense here. We're fighting for our continued ability to live on it. 

Call your senators: (202) 224-3121
Just last year, Kavanaugh ruled that the EPA's attempt to phase out hydrofluorocarbons, a particularly dangerous greenhouse gas found in refrigeration and air conditioning units, was outside its authority.
In 2016, he argued that the Clean Air Act was a "thin statute" to support the Obama administration's Clean Power Plan to cut carbon pollution from power plants.
Kavanaugh wrote a majority opinion for the D.C. Circuit Court in 2012 that struck down a federal program to curb cross-state pollution from power plants.
During the Obama years, Kavanaugh came down against the EPA in every one of the three major cases he heard about the agency's authority to regulate greenhouse gases.
Replacing Kennedy with Kavanaugh would swing the Court to a new, hard-right majority that would rule against curbing greenhouse gases for years—maybe decades—that we can’t afford to waste on inaction.
Kavanaugh would replace Justice Kennedy, who was the deciding vote in a pivotal 2007 Supreme Court case that established greenhouse gases were "well within" the EPA's authority to regulate under the Clean Air Act and made it possible for the agency to start reining in emissions.
Kavanaugh has consistently argued that the Environmental Protection Agency has limited authority under the Clean Air Act to regulate the carbon and other pollutants that are causing the planet to heat up.
This year has seen record-high temperatures across the world, the biggest wildfire in California history, and an unprecedented red tide in Florida. 

It's urgent that we act to curb climate change—and Brett Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court could make progress virtually impossible.
Six weeks after the administration's deadline to reunify families, 497 children are still waiting.
https://t.co/CoXkLvykTR
Want to run for office or join a campaign but unsure of how to get started? 

If you're near Philadelphia, consider attending the @ArenaSummit this weekend. It’s a gathering for the next generation of civic leaders: 

https://t.co/fnJIBJdosT
This fight isn't over until it's over, and the only thing we can count on in this era is that these battles won't always end the way we expect they will. 

Share the number of the Senate switchboard with a friend right now: 202-224-3121
Just this year, the Court upheld purges of minority voters in Ohio as well as districts in Texas that were drawn to reduce the voting power of people of color. With a solid hard-right majority on the Court, we would see more decisions like those.
The Court gutted the Voting Rights Act in 2013 by ruling that states with a history of suppression no longer needed federal approval to change their voting laws. Kavanaugh's record indicates he would help a new majority kill the VRA entirely and approve even more suppression.
Voter fraud—the justification for voter ID laws—has also been proven to be a virtually nonexistent problem. A recent Brennan Center report noted that an American is more likely to be struck by lightning than to impersonate someone else at the polls. https://t.co/gW9sf5QNRB
He wrote approvingly of "recent changes to voting laws" that include not just voter ID but also laws that put restrictions on registration and cut back on both early voting days and polling place locations. All these changes are shown to disproportionately affect voters of color.
Kavanaugh voted in 2012 to uphold a South Carolina voter ID law that the Obama administration found would disenfranchise 80,000 minority voters.
Today's reason to call your senators and urge them to #StopKavanaugh: Kavanaugh would help kill the Voting Rights Act and uphold voter suppression laws that make it harder for voters of color to cast ballots.
If you agree, please pick up the phone right now and call your senators. Ask them to #StopKavanaugh: (202) 224-3121
One of the most fundamental human rights is the right to make the most personal decisions about one's own body. To deny women that is to rob them of the ability to decide their own futures.
It's remarkable that we have to keep repeating this, even in 2018: Women's rights are human rights, and human rights are women's rights.
Anti-abortion groups have endorsed Kavanaugh, considering him a reliable vote to overturn Roe. His confirmation would be a victory for activists who want to end a woman's right to make her own health decisions.
Kavanaugh ruled to let CEOs decide to deny their employees insurance coverage for no co-pay birth control.
As a federal judge, Kavanaugh tried to prevent a young undocumented woman in government custody from exercising her right to an abortion.
A few weeks before Kavanaugh's name appeared on President Trump's short list for a new justice, Kavanaugh praised the dissent in the Roe v. Wade case and called former Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist his “hero,” noting that “he clearly wanted to overrule Roe.”
If Brett Kavanaugh becomes a Supreme Court justice, will he help gut or overturn Roe v. Wade, which legalized abortion in America? Yes, of course he will.
This is as serious as it gets. It's up to us to save health care for millions of our fellow Americans—again. 

As Kavanaugh's hearings begin, make sure your senators hear from you: (202) 224-3121
Supreme Court seats are for life. Your senators' votes on Kavanaugh could affect whether you, your loved ones, and millions of other Americans can get affordable health care for decades.
Kavanaugh has also claimed that the president can simply decide not to implement the Affordable Care Act, leaving millions of Americans in the lurch.
In 2011, Kavanaugh dissented when the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District Court upheld the consitutionality of the ACA. In 2017, he criticized Chief Justice John Roberts for ruling to uphold the law five years earlier.
The next Supreme Court justice will have a chance to rule on the fate of the Affordable Care Act, which helps millions of people get affordable health care. Brett Kavanaugh’s record shows he’d be a threat to the law.
Challenges to the Affordable Care Act's protections for patients, including the notion that insurance companies can't refuse to insure you if you have a pre-existing condition, are already working their way through the lower courts.
Do you have a pre-existing condition? Do you care about someone who has one? Could you or someone you love ever get one? 

Then you should call your senators today to #StopKavanaugh from getting a lifetime seat on the Supreme Court. Here's why: https://t.co/zgqwfdwTsF
Unions and labor movements are why we have workplace safety precautions, collective bargaining, weekends, minimum wages, and, yes, Labor Day. 

We can't afford more damage to workers' rights. Make sure your senators hear from you: Let's #StopKavanaugh.
In 2016, Kavanaugh held that corporations have the right to punish workers for displaying pro-union signs in their cars.
In 2014, he dissented in a case where the Occupational Safety and Health Administration held SeaWorld accountable for the death of a trainer.
In 2007, Kavanaugh wrote an opinion that severely limited union rights and allowed major damage to federal workers' ability to bargain collectively.
In other words, the Court has already been widening the disparity in power between corporations and workers. Kavanaugh's record from his time as a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia shows he'd help further that trend for a generation.
The Court has also recently granted corporations the right to deny workers reproductive health care and made it harder for workers to sue businesses by allowing companies to force employees to sign mandatory arbitration clauses with their contracts.
That ruling won't just hurt seven million public-sector union workers with contracts. It'll hurt all workers, because union deals on wages and working conditions affect what businesses without unions do, too.
The Court's ruling in Janus v. AFSCME earlier this summer overturned a 40-year-old precedent to hold that public-sector workers with union contracts don't have to pay fees for collective bargaining expenses if they're not members.
The Roberts Court has dealt some big blows to workers and unions in the last few years. With Kavanaugh on the Court, a 5-4 hard-right majority would be even more aggressive in siding with corporations over people.
Happy Labor Day. There's no better time to talk about why workers’ rights would suffer if Brett Kavanaugh, whose hearings for a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court start tomorrow, is confirmed.
Vladimir Putin has waged a 30-year campaign to disrupt world events, including our last election. I talked about it in @ActMeasuresDoc, a fascinating summation of the Russia story that premieres today: https://t.co/E0t1JeSssA
Today's celebration of Aretha Franklin's life was like the lady herself: Joyful, profound, and full of song. Thank you to everyone who performed, spoke in remembrance, and made it a send-off worthy of her.
Over 500 children are still waiting to be reunited with their parents, five weeks after the administration's deadline to reunify families. Every day they are made to wait is a tragedy.
We're only 10 weeks out from the midterm elections. Have you answered Michelle's call to help get out the vote?
https://t.co/4aK9duYzcw
We have to be better than this. Make sure your representatives continue to hear from you that families belong together, and give what you can to the efforts to reunite these children with their families.

https://t.co/RvyCsc9HhI
These are just a few of countless stories that we should never read about events happening within our borders.
This heartbreaking video from the ACLU shows the consequences of separation: https://t.co/0NPjpAFd8u
Child welfare officials in Texas are investigating the death of a young girl who died after alleged inadequate treatment while she was being held with her mother in a detention facility:

https://t.co/wtymgnaiEf
The administration is deporting people back to slavery:

https://t.co/poBa8S7bRn
First, it’s been nearly five weeks since the deadline for the administration to reunite families they separated at the border, but 528 children are still waiting to see their parents again.
There's a lot going on right now—understatement of the year. 

The separation of families and the failure of the administration to reunite them has been eclipsed in the news in recent days, but these tragic circumstances persist. 

Here are some of the latest developments:
People are mobilizing across the country today to #StopKavanaugh. Find an event near you: https://t.co/4ilvODIWAR
The next Supreme Court justice could shift the court to the right for decades, with devastating consequences for reproductive rights, health care, workers' rights, and voting rights.
.@SenJohnMcCain lived a life of service to his country, from his heroism in the Navy to 35 years in Congress. He was a tough politician, a trusted colleague, and there will simply never be another like him. My thoughts and prayers are with Cindy and his entire family.
A full month has passed since the deadline for the administration to reunite families it separated at the border, but 565 children are still waiting to see their parents again. #FamiliesBelongTogether
There are only 77 days until the midterms. Are you registered and ready to vote? https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
This is a heart-wrenching disgrace. https://t.co/Lj1qqIJAwf
.@SwingLeft is a national network of volunteers who have signed up to adopt a congressional swing district near them and turn it blue. We only need 23 seats to flip the House—find out how you can help: https://t.co/fBghsseLEq
.@LatinoVictoryUS is dedicated to electing Latino candidates to all levels of government, building Latino political power, and "making Trump furious."
.@LeahGreenB and @EzraLevin are former congressional staffers who started a Google Doc for citizens who wanted to have more of a voice in their government. It became @IndivisibleTeam—a grassroots network of advocates around the country. https://t.co/Lk6eBidpb0
I’d like to encourage you to support some extraordinary organizations we're proud to have on the @OnwardTogether team:
It's been three weeks since the deadline for the administration to reunify families it separated at the border. Today, 565 children are still reportedly separated from their parents. #FamiliesBelongTogether
6 years ago nearly 700,000 young people got relief from
deportation under the DACA program. Organizations like @votolatino and @kslaw are keeping the flame alive by helping #DACA recipients pay their application fees. Chip in here:
https://t.co/WvASqqz9Hp
Mourning the loss today of @ArethaFranklin who shared her spirit and talent with the world. She deserves not only our RESPECT but also our lasting gratitude for opening our eyes, ears and hearts. Rest in eternal peace, my friend.
It takes courage to exercise your right to protest injustice, especially when you’re 11!  Keep up the good work Mariana. https://t.co/vnGheuWyJ0
One of the most stunning statistics from the 2016 election is that nearly 42% of eligible voters didn't vote. Historically, midterm turnout is even lower than the turnout rate for presidential years. But we can't afford for anyone to stay home. https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
@itsmebeccam @TATLGDoc I’m so proud of you Rebecca. And you should be proud of all you’ve accomplished. There’s a bright future ahead!
So proud of the @runforsomething team on hitting this milestone! It takes a lot of courage to put your name on a ballot, and I'm glad these 500+ candidates have Run for Something in their corner. https://t.co/0Yt7SpRvhw
If your friends and family aren't registered, they can't make their voices heard in this fall's critical midterm elections. Take one minute right now to share this link with them via text, email, Facebook message, or carrier pigeon: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
.@KingJames is a great family man, incredible ballplayer, gives back to his community, and isn’t afraid to speak his mind. He’s a world class athlete and a class act. We need more like him in this world.
It's been a week since the deadline for the administration to reunify families it split up at the border. More than 559 children are still reportedly separated from their parents. #FamiliesBelongTogether
I’m thrilled to be joining forces with Steven Spielberg to bring @efweiss5’s book “The Woman’s Hour” to TV. It’s about the women who fought for suffrage nearly 100 years ago. We stand on their shoulders, and I’m delighted to have a hand in helping to tell their stories.
Thank you, @LIRSorg, for your tireless work to help reunified families rebuild their lives. Everyone can be a part of these efforts—here’s one way to share your support. https://t.co/AJZB8rRGJ9
As of today, there are 14 weeks until the midterm election, and they'll go by in a flash. Are your friends and family registered and ready to vote? https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
Congrats to @IndivisibleTeam volunteers around the country for hosting and running 150+ events this weekend to reach out to voters one conversation at a time. For anyone who's not on the team yet, don't miss out—join here! https://t.co/9w1SGAz24N https://t.co/z5z5oHA21D
After Justice Kennedy announced his retirement from the Supreme Court, @WeDemandJustice leapt into action to launch a movement to #StopKavanaugh. They're doing a 10-city #RiseUpForRoe tour and will have a day of action on 8/26: https://t.co/0LNvfWPYid
.@VotoLatino is working to engage Latinos in the civic process. They recently helped register 5,000 people in just one day at March For Our Lives events. Their goal: register 422,000 voters for the 2018 midterms and turn out 80% of those people.
.@CollectivePAC recruits, trains, and funds progressive black candidates at every level of government. They've helped elect 23 officials so far and are doing a series of trainings for candidates and operatives with the goal of training 200 people by 2019 and 2020.
When @RunForSomething launched, they expected to find 100 people who wanted to run for local office. Instead, they've recruited 17,000 young candidates in all 50 states, built a network of 6,000 volunteers, and endorsed 308 candidates. Their new goal: recruit 50k candidates.
We had our first annual @OnwardTogether members call yesterday. Thank you to the thousands of members who joined. We had a chance to hear from a few of our partner groups about the progress they're making to strengthen our democracy. I want to share some of it with you.
Such a pleasure seeing @BetteMidler back where she belongs! Huge thanks to the cast and crew of @HelloDollyBway for a joyful night (I'll never wash this cheek again)! https://t.co/Mzp0AOioie
Yesterday was the court-ordered deadline for the administration to reunite families it has separated at the border, but more than 700 children are not yet back with their parents. 

Let’s keep making our voices heard until every single family is reunited. https://t.co/RvyCsc9HhI
From mother to activist to candidate - congratulations to @LucyWins2018 on winning the nomination for Congress in #GA06. No one is more determined or resilient, and she will bring an important voice to Congress for the people of Georgia. Onward to November!
It was wonderful to spend some time with the team from @MadamSecretary on set in Brooklyn with a few former colleagues.  Mark your calendars for October 7th! https://t.co/8GdHBx4T7Q
Let's help make more of these moments happen. https://t.co/CMFreBMV6y
My thoughts are with these families and with everyone who is working to reunite them. Special thanks to Paco, Jaime, Juan, Vanessa, and Pamela, DACA recipients who are working hard at reunification sites to help these families get to their next destinations.
Share stories of the families who are being torn apart by these policies. We all need to be clear as Americans about what's being done in our name, and how we can work together to fix it. https://t.co/0lhjkbZQhU
Follow, help fund, and volunteer for groups that are working on the ground to reunify families, including:

@ACLU
@CCharitiesUSA
@domesticworkers
@FWDus
@LIRSorg
@RAICESTEXAS
@TXCivilRights
@WomenBelong
@WRCommission
A coalition of groups is raising money for flights, hotels, and cell phones for families traveling to reunite with their loved ones. You can chip in here: https://t.co/RvyCsc9HhI
Thousands of families who have been separated at the border still need to be reunited. 

In some cases, children have been sent to states far from Texas and Arizona, where their parents were detained.

Here’s how we can help:
Part of changing our politics means making it possible for more people to be involved. The @CollectivePAC 2018 Black Campaign School is in day two of training future candidates and campaign staffers on everything from field organizing to fundraising. Nice way to spend a Saturday! https://t.co/P0E0lAeaf1
Tune in NOW to watch my panel with @laurenepowell at #ozyfest2018 where we’ll discuss all that’s happening in the world, why we should all still be optimists, and where we go from here.
https://t.co/UDSVvNEg7b
@realDonaldTrump That’s a clip from when Medvedev was president. Here’s what I said about Putin’s Russia. https://t.co/a0bIeg1kZ4
To make change this year, don't just vote--volunteer. Commit to taking action in this year's midterms starting now, but especially on #TheLastWeekend when it matters most.
https://t.co/Q72Bmx3ESB
Ambassador @McFaul is a patriot who has spent his career standing up for America. To see the White House even hesitate to defend a diplomat is deeply troubling. https://t.co/gI8K8Tjg3M
Well, now we know. https://t.co/olQlhzQiuO
Great World Cup. Question for President Trump as he meets Putin: Do you know which team you play for?
About to take the stage at the AFT Convention in Pittsburgh. Tune in! https://t.co/xZsIjmEQ3V
Join me at OZY Fest on Saturday, July 21st. I’ll be sitting down in Central Park with @laurenepowell!
https://t.co/FbXCiSZ62Q
How many ways can this administration show us they don’t care about kids? Another example of rejecting science &amp; putting corporate interests before babies. These are the stories that will get lost in the shuffle &amp; do lasting damage to people everywhere.
https://t.co/V2QKJmkMug
242 years ago, we set out to build a more perfect union. We’re not finished yet. Happy Fourth of July. https://t.co/hJOFcpgHEb
Meet the first 11 @OnwardTogether partner organizations. I think you’ll find them as inspiring as I do -- and I hope you’ll learn about a group you’d like to support yourself! https://t.co/Zjz2gmg6Kl
Giving a great 4th of July holiday read to a great author &amp; friend, Louise Penny!
https://t.co/Jm48OUxd53 https://t.co/HOPUcCDlNT
Given the news coming out of the Supreme Court this week, I'm excited to support @WeDemandJustice's critical work by welcoming them into the @OnwardTogether family. https://t.co/DrxSqwVn4H
Thanks to everyone who gave what they could to make an impact for those children &amp; families who need all of our support right now.
https://t.co/gFtjV3sZRc https://t.co/Gw0q8UnCPs
Students, we need your help! Apply today. https://t.co/QNBtTWZace
There's nothing American about tearing families apart.

We need to elect politicians who will protect the vulnerable. But these kids can't wait for a new Congress in November. Donate today to the organizations leading the fight to protect these kids.

https://t.co/gFtjV3KBfM https://t.co/6IAW0nXZgt
Thanks to all of you, we have now crossed the $500,000 mark. Here’s where your generosity is going, let’s keep it up!
 
@ACLU
@asylumadvocacy
@FlorenceProject
@humanrights1st
@supportKIND
@LUPE_rgv
@RAICESTEXAS
@UNITEDWEDREAM
@WomenBelong
@wrcommission
 
https://t.co/gFtjV3KBfM
Wow. In just the few short hours since I tweeted, this community has donated nearly $150,000 to support these groups’ critical work. If you’re as heartbroken and infuriated about what’s happening as I am, help keep it going: https://t.co/gFtjV3KBfM https://t.co/4ZepbZOH8H
I still believe in the vision we share for our country. We will elect politicians and enact legislation to protect the most vulnerable among us – but first, we have to address the urgent needs of families at the center of this crisis. Give today. Please. https://t.co/VEAP7b5qNo
We should be a better country than one that tears families apart, turns a blind eye to women fleeing domestic violence, and treats frightened children as a means to a political end.
The test of any nation is how we treat the most vulnerable among us. First Lady @LauraWBush made that case eloquently. https://t.co/A01S6Ksl4Y
We should be heartbroken to see families torn apart, but we should not be hopeless. There’s something you can do right now to help. 

Make a donation that will be split across eight organizations working to protect kids separated from their families: https://t.co/gFtjV3KBfM
Those who selectively use the Bible to justify this cruelty are ignoring a central tenet of Christianity. Jesus said "Suffer the little children unto me." He did not say “let the children suffer.”
Despite what this White House claims, separating families is not mandated by law. That is an outright lie, and it’s incumbent on all of us – journalists and citizens alike – to call it just that.
What’s happening to families at the border right now is a humanitarian crisis. Every parent who has ever held a child in their arms, every human being with a sense of compassion and decency, should be outraged.
YES! https://t.co/uFpYfOMuXn
Last night I met Ke’Shon, Liv &amp; Kayla. Their stories about the impact of gun violence in this film by @GiffordsCourage are heart-wrenching. I'm so proud of them for showing the strength we need to fight for a safer future. Watch it and join them here: https://t.co/fdTtBUn5UL
So thrilled to be with @GabbyGiffords, @ShuttleCDRKelly, &amp; so many others tonight at the 25th anniversary celebration of the Giffords Law Center. Tune in now.
https://t.co/m6VNjPNm5Z
But my emails. https://t.co/G7TIWDEG0p
Here we go again. The Trump Admin is trying to take away your health care by ending protections for ppl w/ pre-existing conditions. It will hurt millions of Americans. Spread the word. Call your Congress member &amp; tell them to stand up for you: 202-224-3121
https://t.co/7KkrUXtsbg
Thank you to @Realdavidcbanks, his team at @EAFNYC, and all the stakeholders that joined us for a terrific meeting this afternoon about expanding Eagle Academy’s pioneering work in public education. https://t.co/VrjJqagr2m
If you want to read some good news today, my friend David Banks and I published an op ed in the @NYDailyNews about how the Eagle Academy schools are transforming lives in New York and elsewhere. Check it out:
https://t.co/tatQkbcNPW
There is no more important test of our country than the way we treat the most vulnerable among us, especially children. We cannot turn away from what’s happening on our watch - we have to act.
If you’re like me, there’s nothing worse than feeling helpless. So on this National Day of Action for Children (supported by groups from @ACLU to @WomenBelong to @UnitedWeDream to @MomsRising, @DomesticWorkers), visit https://t.co/cIzJoSDHvK to see what you can do to help.
It is now the official policy of the US government - a nation of immigrants - to separate children from their families. That is an absolute disgrace. #FamiliesBelongTogether.
He said that “In the immigration context, the government has never taken a stand against the protection of kids in this country. For the first time, it is now formally taking a position that explicitly goes against the best interests of kids.”
Muzaffar Chishti of @MigrationPolicy said something that has stuck with me.
Not only that - this administration built on their "zero tolerance" policy earlier this month. The result? Nearly 700 more kids were separated from their families in the first two weeks of the new program. Think about that. Hundreds of families torn apart in two weeks.
We now know that more than 700 kids were separated from their parents between October 2017 and April 2018. As a mother and a grandmother, it’s devastating to even imagine.
Like so many others, I am horrified and heartbroken by what is happening to immigrant kids and families because of this administration’s disastrous policies.
Too many American children will never have the opportunity to realize their dreams because their lives were cut short by a bullet. Our kids deserve to live free from the threat of gun violence. #WearOrange @Everytown @MomsDemand https://t.co/SjacOKPgVv
More than 4,600 lives lost in Puerto Rico. 70x the official number. The US gov’t has failed its own citizens. The response itself is an American tragedy.

Hurricane season is about to begin in Puerto Rico. The administration must step up &amp; protect its people.
.@EmergeAmerica is working hard to make sure we’ll always have qualified Democratic women on the ballot. I’m thrilled they’re bringing this important work to Arkansas, a state near and dear to my heart, with the launch of their 25th state affiliate.
https://t.co/a4gss7tyqs
Virginia just became the 33rd state to pass Medicaid expansion. 

400,000 lives will be improved by giving people access to health insurance.

Bold ideas matter.

Democratic values matter.

Elections matter.

https://t.co/2nL8cmGXQQ
Just returned from marching in the annual Chappaqua Memorial Day Parade with everyone from Governors to Girls Scouts. Today we honor those who have made the ultimate sacrifice for their country to keep us safe here at home. https://t.co/DlDhtTal2H
Bill tried his hand at mystery writing and it paid off. The President is Missing, co-authored by James Patterson, is getting rave reviews!
https://t.co/Jm48OUxd53 https://t.co/BcJ4ghSF4O
Up in Boston today for #RadDay18 where I’ll be talking to @maura_healey, Massachusetts’ great Attorney General. Tune in! https://t.co/vQmmFKRda5
Everyone has the power to make a difference in this year’s elections by volunteering. This new training resource from @swingleft makes it incredibly easy. Check it out. https://t.co/mVwmmEFdUD
Just spent a great evening with two of my favorite authors discussing their new book, The President is Missing. It’s a page-turner! Check it out:
https://t.co/Jm48OUxd53 https://t.co/5TCCr4RKFB
@SenEvanBayh To Evan, Susan, and the whole family, we are thinking about you and praying for you.  If anyone can take on this fight it’s Susan Bayh, with the strength, courage, and grace she brings to everything she does.
Lucy, you took your unspeakable tragedy and helped propel an inspiring movement for gun safety in America. Thank you for your leadership on this and so much more. https://t.co/Dtgx0xsXg4
Thrilled to be back @Yale speaking at Class Day.  Tune in now! https://t.co/5e8dS13aaB
Every day that we fail to act on gun violence, we are failing our children. This should be a day for soul searching across America - and that soul searching should be matched with legislating to begin dealing with this national shame.
Our @OnwardTogether partner organization @latinovictoryus has a plan to resist Trump’s agenda by electing more Latinos. Watch: https://t.co/Id9ssHPX7l
The GOP wants to break their bipartisan pledge &amp; cut funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program to pay for their tax cuts to the wealthy &amp; corporations. 

We must take care of our children. Experts &amp; doctors agree. Lots of them:

https://t.co/1MRtpboXWB https://t.co/jgvQqA37os
So exciting! https://t.co/9iJu9S3F4O
It will also be harder to deal with other threats like ballistic missiles and terrorism. Now we have no leverage and Iran is free to do what it wants. 

Read what President Obama wrote about it here:
https://t.co/j5fnzXCpV2
As Secretary of State, I helped negotiate the crippling international sanctions that brought Iran to the table. It would be much harder a second time, now that our credibility is shot.
Pulling out of the Iran nuclear deal is a big mistake. It makes America less safe and less trusted. Iran is now more dangerous. What's plan B? Anyone who thinks bombing is the answer is woefully misinformed.
Great piece about a great guy I’ve known for a long time.
https://t.co/ITFYYmtvjI
I’ve known @TomDangora and @AnastasiaSomoza for years &amp; they bring compassion &amp; creativity to everything they do. They have created the first family musical about disability &amp; need help fundraising. Check out @AddyandUno below &amp; support them with me.
https://t.co/FZ1z1xBzcR
Thank you @CecileRichards for your extraordinary leadership over the last 12 years as president of Planned Parenthood - and for getting up every single day to fight for a world where women's rights truly are human rights. #ThankYouCecile https://t.co/Mq6Q2KtNaq
See you soon @alliance4youth @arenasummit @CollectivePac @ColorOfChange @EmergeAmerica @IndivisibleTeam @iVoteFund @latinovictoryus  @runforsomething @swingleft @votolatino!
Heading into NYC for @OnwardTogether’s first annual Partners Collaborative to discuss how we can work together to defend our progressive values.
Thank YOU for leading the way on this issue. https://t.co/3q5HPD3uv6
Can you imagine how different our policies would be if more working moms and dads were part of making them? That's why I'm calling on the FEC to allow candidates to use campaign funds for childcare when they’re on the trail. https://t.co/Di6eQtKLcQ
Raise your hand if you like infrastructure conferences! (🤚). I’ll be speaking at the @RegionalPlan Assembly about the future of American infrastructure. Tune in at 1:25! https://t.co/DISAWciIUB
New York State expanded #TakeOurChildrenToWorkDay today with a great initiative for foster kids. It’s a chance to let their imaginations run wild w/ possibilities &amp; see some of New York State’s great companies. I hope we'll see this elsewhere in NY &amp; across the US. #seeitbeit https://t.co/yPwp6e8RUO
I talk a lot about reading, singing, &amp; talking to your children so they have the tools they need when they enter school. @bethkobliner takes the next step, teaming up with the great Kate McKinnon to teach kids financial literacy. It’s fun, check it out! https://t.co/akxIyweNm0
He may not remember, but I’ll never forget that day or the years after working as Senator to keep NY safe and helping our First Responders. https://t.co/girhEosjtW
Thinking about Barbara Bush’s legacy of service to our country and the extraordinary family she raised. Thanking her for her many kindnesses to me and my family. Wishing her the comfort she deserves surrounded by her loved ones.
More terrific work from a group of progressives working to turn activism into lasting action. Congratulations to @arenasummit on announcing their latest class of fellows today. #OnwardTogether https://t.co/rmwf4MZaHF
Storytelling is at the heart of every cultural &amp; political revolution. Looking forward to joining @WomenintheWorld tomorrow w/ 4 brave women who will share accounts of living under tyrants &amp; discuss threats to democracies around the world &amp; at home.
https://t.co/sPQDrR8xuM #WITW
Congratulations Tammy! https://t.co/H85PIeycUm
Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr was in Memphis in 1968 to protest with sanitation workers the week he was killed. Here’s the story of one of those workers, Cleophus Smith, who is still on the job today.
https://t.co/xJeevQ5WRE
Thanks for the warm welcome last night! Inspired by your passion and commitment. https://t.co/yRgXQAIQ7v
Wishing @JuliaGillard, Former Aussie PM, the best for today’s launch of her new Global Institute for Women’s Leadership, based at King’s College London. @GIWLkings will help create a world in which being a woman is not a barrier to becoming a leader. #womensleadership
A little over 15 years ago a bright young woman walked into my office in the Senate and I hired her to be my scheduler. Yesterday @LValmoro was asked back to her alma mater to introduce me to stage. A proud moment for a grateful boss. https://t.co/WQ9EZWEi7f
We are indeed on the brink. Thank you to Rutgers for having me yesterday, and to all the students and community members who came out to have such a thoughtful conversation. https://t.co/vAsZluEcD4
Listening to the students from Parkland and across the country today is a reminder of what is possible when our future is in the right hands, and when we match inspiration with determination. https://t.co/fhiEBIw15B
My friend @jmpalmieri wrote a terrific book that everyone should read.  It’s smart, emotional, and true. See for yourself in this excerpt:
https://t.co/PNuht72Vmv
Important analysis about which candidates get critical early financial support — and which don't. 
https://t.co/y56ByL4zN8
✔️ https://t.co/T173ONV0zA
Congresswoman Louise Slaughter was a tireless advocate for her constituents in New York. She showed me the ropes when I was first elected to the Senate in 2000, &amp; did the same for so many of our colleagues. I was lucky to call her a friend. She will be missed.
To all the students across our country who took part in #NationalWalkoutDay: Never let anybody tell you your voices don’t make a difference. You‘re an inspiration to millions of Americans who know commonsense gun reform is long overdue. We are with you, and we will not give up.
@timkaine I’m forever grateful to you for being such an outspoken champion and advocate for women. Having allies like you on our side means the world - today and every day.
Who inspires you this #InternationalWomensDay?
https://t.co/nnGjhGFntT
@Astrid_NV @iammarleydias @aijenpoo @domesticworkers @reshmasaujani @ColleenFlangan @SybrinaFulton @GwenCarrERIC @MariaHa05153239 @lucymcbath @IamMikesMother @pwcdanica @NadiaMuradBasee @TaranaBurke @Emma4Change @ShannonRWatts @GabbyGiffords and so many others, whose righteous voices have pushed us to see possibility and a path forward on gun violence prevention. https://t.co/kg0ga9HJy3
@Astrid_NV @iammarleydias @aijenpoo @domesticworkers @reshmasaujani @ColleenFlangan @SybrinaFulton @GwenCarrERIC @MariaHa05153239 @lucymcbath @IamMikesMother @pwcdanica @NadiaMuradBasee @TaranaBurke founder of the #MeToo movement — and catalyst for a sea change in our national dialogue. https://t.co/ColSOrxFJ8
@Astrid_NV @iammarleydias @aijenpoo @domesticworkers @reshmasaujani @ColleenFlangan @SybrinaFulton @GwenCarrERIC @MariaHa05153239 @lucymcbath @IamMikesMother @pwcdanica @NadiaMuradBasee and Wai Wai Nu are two inspiring young human rights activists I met last month at Georgetown. Nadia is raising awareness of human trafficking and Wai Wai is speaking out for peace in Myanmar and against the persecution of the Rohingya. https://t.co/Go55GXGRRR
@Astrid_NV @iammarleydias @aijenpoo @domesticworkers @reshmasaujani @ColleenFlangan @SybrinaFulton @GwenCarrERIC @MariaHa05153239 @lucymcbath @IamMikesMother @pwcdanica put a huge crack in the glass ceiling last November, then got right to work to serve her constituents. https://t.co/BHsTLTI8c4
@Astrid_NV @iammarleydias @aijenpoo @domesticworkers @reshmasaujani @ColleenFlangan My friends @SybrinaFulton, @GwenCarrERIC, @MariaHa05153239, @lucymcbath, @iammikesmother, Geneva Reed-Veal, Cleopatra Pendleton-Cowley, and Annette Nance-Holt have turned their mourning into a movement, fighting for a criminal justice system that actually delivers justice. https://t.co/I5J8UDS64I
@Astrid_NV @iammarleydias @aijenpoo @domesticworkers @reshmasaujani @ColleenFlangan advocates for health care and Americans with disabilities—absolutely refusing to be ignored. https://t.co/OwVA4OoJE0
@Astrid_NV @iammarleydias @aijenpoo @domesticworkers @reshmasaujani The US women’s hockey and soccer teams stood up for themselves and all women in sports by demanding pay equity and fair treatment. https://t.co/VomCeQhLJO
@Astrid_NV @iammarleydias @aijenpoo @domesticworkers @reshmasaujani Rachael Denhollander and the many women of US Gymnastics have bravely shone a light on sexual assault in sports. https://t.co/esAzxwRsPI
@Astrid_NV @iammarleydias @aijenpoo @domesticworkers @reshmasaujani tackles the gender gap in technology by inspiring girls and women to learn to code. https://t.co/YQU8bddPiy
@Astrid_NV @iammarleydias @AiJenPoo organizes @domesticworkers—one of the fastest growing parts of the American workforce—who deserve the same respect and care they show our loved ones. https://t.co/4D5NzQoine
@Astrid_NV @IAmMarleyDias is the brains behind #1000BlackGirlBooks, an effort to ensure black girls like her can see themselves in books. https://t.co/eiWebYQZPM
The courageous @Astrid_NV fights tirelessly to protect DREAMers and keep immigrant families together. https://t.co/Ji7b4Ahzpj
In honor of #InternationalWomensDay, I want to celebrate some of the women and girls who inspire me every day.

These women resist inequality, insist on a better world, persist against all odds, and enlist others in our shared fights.
Saw Black Panther with Bill this afternoon &amp; loved it. Beautiful film, lots of action, and a great message. Don't miss it!
College students--you have the power to take back a Democratic majority in the House. Deadline is today! Apply now: https://t.co/ALSkOJisoW
I say this as a former Secretary of State and as an American: the Russians are still coming. Our intelligence professionals are imploring Trump to act. Will he continue to ignore &amp; surrender, or protect our country?
https://t.co/Z6uaSCgdF6
I’m so excited! 🤗 https://t.co/i5BrQ05ki7
We should all care about how social media platforms play a part in our democratic process. Because unless it’s addressed it will happen again. The midterms are in 8 months. We owe it to our democracy to get this right, and fast. https://t.co/aM3pRrZW4J
Women’s rights are human rights. That was a radical idea back in 1995. It shouldn’t still be two decades later.
https://t.co/BYZR7nI8Qh
Parkland students, you have shown so much courage in standing up for truth, for your right to attend school safely, &amp; now against these disgusting smears. The good news is, it will only make you louder &amp; stronger. https://t.co/yclbV9i2UX
Another terrific organization Onward Together is working with to make change! https://t.co/EXMHLwBsXa
Want to hear the real story of the @ClintonFdn? Read this: https://t.co/30urSAvhnm
Mass shootings are not inevitable. The majority of Americans support common sense gun reform. Though we feel angry, heartbroken, even helpless now, we have the power to elect people who will protect lives, not gun sellers’ profits. Remember these feelings in November, and VOTE.
And to this young woman. Every day that we refuse to act, we are failing them. 
https://t.co/IfkkP76DbX
We owe it to this young man who lost classmates: 
https://t.co/unKn0eK0i2
Now is the time to listen to the students, teachers, and parents demanding that we end this carnage once and for all with gun safety laws that keep guns out of the hands of those who shouldn’t have them.
This week we lost 17 Americans in Parkland - the deadliest school shooting since Sandy Hook in 2012. Since then, 438 people have been shot and 138 killed in over 230 school shootings. That’s 5 school shootings every month, 16 of which classify as “mass shootings.”
Love this! https://t.co/8wMSuoQa34
Tune in today at 2:30pm ET/11:30am PT! https://t.co/rnrRfjlsAI
A new book is out today that picks up where I left off in What Happened in explaining “Those Damn Emails.” Terrific, fact-filled read.
https://t.co/i7iFnmHbNV
25 years ago, @billclinton signed the Family and Medical Leave Act, which remains a success all these years later. Now we need paid leave to finish the job and create more equitable &amp; family friendly workplaces. #FMLA25
https://t.co/nN1r741aAb
Looking forward to being a part of #MAKERSConference2018 and talking about how we can all raise our voices.  Watch live and #RaiseYourVoice Weds 2/7 at 2:30pm ET/11:30am PT. Learn more here: https://t.co/Fvp4KpKpzK
Tune in! https://t.co/8OP5wp7gwa
@PhilippeReines @RWPUSA @ErinBurnett @CNN 🙏
I wrote a Facebook post about a decision I made 10 years ago, what’s changed, &amp; on an issue you didn’t hear a single word about tonight. Take a look. 
https://t.co/itPfGtIMOM
I called her today to tell her how proud I am of her and to make sure she knows what all women should: we deserve to be heard.
A story appeared today about something that happened in 2008. I was dismayed when it occurred, but was heartened the young woman came forward, was heard, and had her concerns taken seriously and addressed.
Thank you, @CecileRichards, for your tireless advocacy on behalf of women and girls, and for your grace under pressure over these last 12 years. And thank you to @PPFA for all you’ve done and continue to do to advance reproductive rights. Onward!
For those of you who don’t know @aminatou, she’s a supremely talented young woman with a terrific podcast, @callyrgf. She is also courageously &amp; gracefully managing a cancer diagnosis. Amina, sending you good vibes post-surgery &amp; sharing your inspiring thread. https://t.co/LDfl2OaFU3
In 2017, the Women’s March was a beacon of hope and defiance. In 2018, it is a testament to the power and resilience of women everywhere. Let’s show that same power in the voting booth this year. #PowerToThePolls
I’m so heartened by all of you. Onward! https://t.co/vkRj7M3kBS
These words from Dr. King also come to mind today: https://t.co/0qFK3RxBAF
Beautifully said, @BerniceKing. An important message today and every day. https://t.co/eYJAGc6i2b
The anniversary of the devastating earthquake 8 years ago is a day to remember the tragedy, honor the resilient people of Haiti, &amp; affirm America’s commitment to helping our neighbors. Instead, we‘re subjected to Trump’s ignorant, racist views of anyone who doesn’t look like him.
@NancyEMcFadden Nancy has a record of beating the odds - from DC to CA - where she helped Gov Brown do a fantastic job. All who know her are sending strength &amp; love as she faces this latest challenge.  Onward my friend. -H
Families across America had to start 2018 worried that their kids wouldn’t have health care. Failing to act now shows the true face of Republicans &amp; their donor-driven immoral agenda. You control the Senate agenda @SenateMajLdr. Enough is enough.
Time to bring CHIP to the Senate floor as promised. This alleged extension until March doesn’t cut it as states freeze enrollment &amp; send out letters warning that coverage will end. This is frightening to parents &amp; wreaks havoc for states. https://t.co/tWtm211w8S
The Iranian people, especially the young, are protesting for the freedom and future they deserve. I hope their government responds peacefully and supports their hopes.
Thank you to everyone who has donated to Onward Together in our first year -- we’re only able to support these great groups because of you. Let’s do even more in 2018. Onward!
Along with @IndivisibleTeam, @ColorOfChange, @EmergeAmerica, @swingleft, and @runforsomething, I know these groups will continue to do the incredible work of making our democracy stronger in 2018, and I'm proud to be on their team.
And with the help of @collectivepac, 23 African-American candidates have been elected to local, state, and federal offices since August 2016.
More than 400 students and leaders met last month at the @votolatino Power Summit to share resources and tools for national advocacy.
The team at @latinovictoryus is working to elect more Latino candidates at every level of government.
At @alliance4youth, young people are using local organizing to address economic inequality, attacks on voting rights, and more.
450 brand-new civic leaders and activists attended the very first @ArenaSummit -- and they're on track to train 5,000 people by the end of 2018.
The organizers at @iVoteFund worked with partners on the ground to get automatic voter registration on the ballot in Nevada.
Onward Together is ending 2017 by supporting six more incredible organizations fighting to protect voting rights and to make it easier for young, diverse candidates to get on the ballot and get elected.
Something productive to do with your outrage today: https://t.co/XEUb0xLsSl
I guest-edited this month’s issue of @TeenVogue. It was a wonderful experience, with lots of terrific contributions from people I love &amp; respect. Read this letter that my daughter wrote to her children about why she’s still optimistic about the future. cc: @ChelseaClinton https://t.co/o438PENNvb
A little girl power in Pasadena...
https://t.co/nqNAMl16yS https://t.co/jdWhdXHL4Y
Some photos from the book tour. I met so many incredible people, including some little heros, &amp; the occasional superhero...
https://t.co/nqNAMl16yS https://t.co/GnJM1iGGsC
Returning home after the final week of the book tour for 2017.  This was the last copy of What Happened I signed at our final signing in Seattle. What a terrific journey this has been so far, thank you to all who came out &amp; told me your stories.
https://t.co/nqNAMl16yS https://t.co/eYtXqRtdWM
Thank you to the @lapromisefund &amp; @msjwilly for a terrific discussion, a wonderful group of young people, &amp; a truly inspiring day! https://t.co/wcA6vN9Yyf
Today is the final day to sign up for 2018 health coverage. Go to https://t.co/3Ll40zSLQe and get covered! https://t.co/PiNnum27J0
@ELaffGarb @DHochsprung @ELaffGarb, thinking of you, @nelba_MG, and all the Sandy Hook families this week. Thank you for your courage.
Yes!
Elections matter. https://t.co/xU8dpew1Cn
Tonight, Alabama voters elected a senator who'll make them proud. 

And if Democrats can win in Alabama, we can -- and must -- compete everywhere.

Onward!
Mayor Ed Lee’s death is a terrible loss for the people of San Francisco. He was a good friend &amp; a vocal advocate for the city he served &amp; loved. My thoughts are with his family.
If you don't live in an area that could be affected, read this to see how you can help those who do:
https://t.co/QTJROuLU1k
Thinking about all affected &amp; those who could be affected by the California wildfires. If you live near a fire, make sure you're prepared, &amp; stay safe.
https://t.co/FOKYxlk9z7
I’m going to keep tweeting about this, and speaking out every chance I get, until it is fixed.
So in these surreal times, let’s rally together &amp; take action.  Call your House and Senate members at 202-224-3121 and tell them to take care of kids now and protect our seniors, the poor &amp; vulnerable from future attacks. Tell them that it’s the very least they can do.
How is it that in the middle of dividing up $1.5 trillion dollars between corporations &amp; the ultra-wealthy, Republicans can’t find the time &amp; money to take care of children? These are perverse priorities. Congress needs to pass CHIP now, as they have every year since the 1990s.
It gets worse. During the campaign I warned that the Rs would come after social security, Medicare, &amp; Medicaid &amp; now they are. Imagine buying a Rolex &amp; paying for it with money you saved to take care of your kids. That’s what Congress is doing w/ your tax dollars.
Meanwhile, Senate Republicans rushed to pass so-called tax reform - a giveaway for those who least need it.
The Children's Health Insurance Program, which provides health care for 9 million kids &amp; has been reauthorized on a bipartisan basis every year for almost 2 decades, is hanging in limbo because Congress let it expire over 2 months ago.
There’s a lot to be frustrated by right now, to say the least. Here’s something that we should be able to fix.
97 years of a passionate, independent spirit, &amp; a fierce commitment to Democratic values. Mary Louise Hancock will be missed by many, including me.
https://t.co/OJVVI6wvXw
Sometimes it’s hard to know what to do after a loss. Not this time. 
This tax bill is only going to get worse as people learn more about it. There are 6 GOP Senators that have to run on it &amp; 2 open seats in 2018.  We all need to get to work.
Sign up before midnight TONIGHT! https://t.co/pWgTnNKzkp
You go girl! This is important; costs will go up, &amp; powerful companies will get more powerful. We can’t let it slip through the cracks. https://t.co/js4agpzKeS
And on top of that, you can’t beat a little book signing wardrobe fun.

https://t.co/K8VldCmTC6 https://t.co/9q9sTlpL3I
And being out on the book tour it has been wonderful to hear from so many people about their activism, their courage, &amp; their resilience.
https://t.co/LhtTwV7N0d
Wow. I wasn’t sure how letting my guard down would go...but it’s been cathartic &amp; rewarding. I loved writing this book, &amp; I’m honored to be in such great company on this list!
https://t.co/rAYpWHzxrJ
It’s been almost 2 months since Congress let the program that provides health care for 9 million children expire. Call Congress &amp; tell them to reauthorize CHIP now: 202-224-3121 https://t.co/jk1FhOcMp2
It’s true! I want to join your book club to talk about What Happened &amp; what’s happening...sign up! https://t.co/hmWiCrBgsq
@BenSPLATT @DearEvanHansen Two friends on a perfect day. Sincerely, me.
Good. https://t.co/IqanY3F28F
Being your candidate was the honor of a lifetime. Now it's your turn to #runforsomething: https://t.co/ODzNQEossm
Looking forward to a great discussion with my friend Dorothy and to a great day @UVA! Tune in:
https://t.co/L20mjSwhCR https://t.co/02ALVZAAKZ
Join me live this morning at 9:45am for an important discussion about child &amp; adolescent mental health, focused on solutions for families &amp; communities. #ChildMindSummit 
https://t.co/317gv59kHQ
Proud of you, Becca! 
https://t.co/xAY3yzdf7f https://t.co/lEo1f5eYDq
It was a thrill to work on this project with @ElaineWelteroth.  I’m really proud of the result. I hope you enjoy it. https://t.co/MILM8WdvOg
Thanks to everyone at @GWRodham for a great discussion last week, and for advocating for stronger communities with better health outcomes.
https://t.co/u0R3cpMPzX
Thank you to all who have worn our country's uniform, and the families who serve with them. Happy Veterans Day.
Everyone deserves affordable health insurance. Head over to https://t.co/LTQmZQt3jJ and shop for a plan that's right for you. https://t.co/RNC45L8rPP
Grateful to you and your determined husband. Like I say in my book, I would have worked so hard to help, &amp; had specific ideas to do just that. https://t.co/rzpruRL78P
I’ve thought a lot about the church massacre last Sunday. What can anyone say equal to the horror &amp; grief? 

We should act to prevent future killings by expanding &amp; fully funding background checks. 

94% of Americans support them, it should be the law.

https://t.co/UDKnRWMumN
Better believe it.

And @billclinton has been tirelessly working on this issue through the @ClintonFdn:

https://t.co/C5HPpb9Ich https://t.co/Gqvrwyw58V
Love this. What a great way to spend November 8th—or any day, for that matter! https://t.co/LOsg41xCya
As we celebrate, let’s also remember the work ahead. Proud that groups that Onward Together supports—including @SwingLeft, which is laser-focused on taking back the House—have been making incredible progress in the fight for 2018 and beyond. Onward!
So many groups own a piece of last night's victory, from @theDemocrats to @EMILYsList to @TheDLCC. It's remarkable to watch our Democratic family—groups with decades of victories and those born in the aftermath of the last election—team up to make nights like last night possible.
And the important work done by @ColorofChange’s PAC was instrumental in winning the district attorney race in Philadelphia.
Our friends at @IndivisibleTeam report that their local groups made more than 600,000 calls into the Commonwealth to help elect @RalphNortham @FairfaxJustin @MarkHerringVA.
.@EmergeAmerica-trained candidates won all across the country, including 9 of the seats Democrats won in Virginia's House of Delegates.
They tell me about 10% of first-time candidates usually win, but 40% of @runforsomething candidates came out on top yesterday.
Congratulations to @RunforSomething founders @amandalitman + @RossMoRock for a huge night! 25 of the local candidates they helped to recruit and run won.
Last night was a great reminder of what’s possible when we come together and fight for what we believe in. So I wanted to take a few minutes to celebrate the extraordinary successes of a few groups I—and Onward Together—proudly fight alongside.
Yes! https://t.co/0DClXbHse8
And if you live in New York state like I do, there are a lot of important races today, so go out and vote—I did!
New Jersey: you have the chance to elect @PhilMurphyNJ @SheilaOliverNJ and other great Dems today. Take it!
Virginians: my friends @RalphNortham @FairfaxJustin @MarkHerringVA need you to show up and vote to get across the finish line.
You can confirm where to vote here: https://t.co/dm98k71nf1 https://t.co/FksLLn9kA0
Live in VA, NJ, WA, NY or anywhere with an election today? Consider this my personal ask/nudge/plea for you to go to the polls and VOTE.
Be Resilient. https://t.co/ZaO65tTmgW
Today marks the start of open enrollment for 2018 health coverage. Go to https://t.co/LTQmZQt3jJ to find your perfect plan. #GetCoveredNow
New York's resilience is stronger than a cowardly act of terror. Thinking of the victims, their families, &amp; the responders who saved lives.
No one I would rather share initials with than @HRC. https://t.co/7rQJItrJXi
Oh is that today? https://t.co/AYy7CtYRWj
Children are going to lose their health care. No one should want that. Call your member of Congress and tell them to act: 202-224-3121 https://t.co/oPI6d6NNko
Gabby and Mark are right: “America is facing a serious but totally preventable epidemic of gun violence.” Join me in supporting them. https://t.co/lw902bwfLZ
This is a disgrace. American citizens need America’s resources. Now.
https://t.co/dNDFmuQalk
Call Congress @ (202) 224-3121. Tell them we must work together to get this done for the children &amp; families counting on CHIP. 7/7
Grateful to the Senate Finance Committee for passing a strong and much needed bipartisan reauthorization bill. Now, let's get this done. 6/7
The test of any society is how it treats its children. We cannot allow millions of kids to lose access to basic health care. 5/7
Right now, many states are getting ready to send out notices to parents, letting them know that their kids’ coverage is in jeopardy. 4/7
There are so many stories of young people whose lives have been transformed by CHIP. Sara's is one: https://t.co/i2o8d4mMsb 3/7
Back in the '90s, Democrats and Republicans worked together to pass CHIP. Today, it covers 9 million kids. 2/7
This hasn't gotten enough attn: For the first time, Congress missed the deadline to reauthorize the Children's Health Insurance Program. 1/7
Thanks to @parentsmagazine for a great chat about what it was like to work on It Takes A Village with @MarlaFrazee. https://t.co/UXlIV1JuOF
Rolling back no-copay birth control shows a blatant disregard for medicine, science, &amp; every woman's right to make her own health decisions. https://t.co/bqUxEIT7nY
Couldn't have put it better! Proud to have contributed to this book about how to @runforsomething. https://t.co/OKukSFrc7D
Taking the stage at Stanford to talk about threats to western democracy - and what we can do about them. Tune in!

https://t.co/MrcTGrggCa
Our grief isn't enough. We can and must put politics aside, stand up to the NRA, and work together to try to stop this from happening again.
The crowd fled at the sound of gunshots. 

Imagine the deaths if the shooter had a silencer, which the NRA wants to make easier to get.
Las Vegas, we are grieving with you—the victims, those who lost loved ones, the responders, &amp; all affected by this cold-blooded massacre.
Don’t let anyone make you feel alone. We are with you and Puerto Rico. https://t.co/CxI1eRXJ8L
You can tell a lot about a society by how we treat the most vulnerable. What does it say when kids' health takes a backseat to tax reform? https://t.co/C5Mo9HAEp3
@OfficialJLD Julia, you're in our thoughts and our hearts. Inspired but not surprised to see you using your platform for good in this difficult moment.
Great to be back in Brooklyn sharing #ItTakesAVillage with readers of all ages! https://t.co/ytalprhN5p
It's about time. Ladies, start your engines! https://t.co/OCWVkEtFYE
When people ask me what we should do now, my answer is clear: The most important thing you can do is vote in every election. https://t.co/cTHI1YPM5V
President Trump, Sec. Mattis, and DOD should send the Navy, including the USNS Comfort, to Puerto Rico now. These are American citizens. https://t.co/J2FVg4II0n
This video from my local bookstore @scatteredbooks in Chappaqua put a smile on my face! Love the soundtrack, too. https://t.co/AjHMc82Ow5
Our friends at @IndivisibleTeam explain what's happening and what you can do (need to do!) to stop it. https://t.co/p0lfJQAro9
Nothing is more important than saving the Affordable Care Act from another cruel effort to take health care away from millions of people.
@realDonaldTrump If you didn't like that book, try this one — some good lessons in here about working together to solve problems. Happy to send a copy. https://t.co/7dmVJ44mZu
Edie Windsor showed the world that love can be a powerful force for change. She will be greatly missed. https://t.co/EiSFYE7ip0
It's happening! 

Get your copy of #WhatHappened today: https://t.co/73h3vTIo6M https://t.co/okGjRuNkYw
You can say that again.
https://t.co/HX748VoOgu https://t.co/QnJRZQm14c
Enjoy! See you all tomorrow! 🍕🤗💪 https://t.co/2wJN2NJGWu
Today we remember those we lost on September 11, 2001, and reflect on the sacrifice of the victims and responders. We'll never forget.
No time to waste - we've got to fight with everything we've got to #DefendDACA. Thanks, @jorgeramosnews, for sharing these powerful stories. https://t.co/rNtZZ4ONBy
I'm excited to sign up for @Verrit, a media platform for the 65.8 million! Will you join me and sign up too? https://t.co/bOLSMyk6bG
As we keep everyone affected by Hurricane Harvey in our thoughts, here’s how you can help:
https://t.co/RVReG1lRAd
Correct. https://t.co/AcOXbigpzi
Thinking of those who put their lives on the line to defend America. Let's keep these missing sailors in our thoughts &amp; prayers today. https://t.co/ugJ2nBCEhU
Barcelona, you have our resolve and support in the face of this cowardly attack. We stand together against terrorism wherever it strikes.
This is an important step, thanks to @ColorofChange for helping to make it happen. https://t.co/CeAsHbbzF9
We will not step backward. If this is not who we are as Americans, let's prove it.
Now is the time for leaders to be strong in their words &amp; deliberate in their actions.
Every minute we allow this to persist through tacit encouragement or inaction is a disgrace, &amp; corrosive to our values.
But the incitement of hatred that got us here is as real and condemnable as the white supremacists in our streets.
My heart is in Charlottesville today, and with everyone made to feel unsafe in their country.
@EricBoehlert Right here:
https://t.co/TOnLRbHJh3
America's workers need #paidleave so we can all provide and receive critical care.
https://t.co/Db4R4SZZaA 
#TimeToCare #FMLA24
Writing “What Happened” was hard, so is what we see every day. As we move forward &amp; fight back, I hope this helps.
https://t.co/cD45JRy2Q0 https://t.co/iAMM3tflWc
John McCain is as tough as they come.  Thinking of John, Cindy, their wonderful children, &amp; their whole family tonight.
Support Samantha Bee &amp; Planned Parenthood &amp; buy a Nasty Woman t-shirt!
https://t.co/I9qd3M3cFq https://t.co/XDpBcFqF7k
Right here. Includes radical provisions like how not to kick 23 mil ppl off their coverage. Feel free to run w/it.
https://t.co/jBMFBJpSP7 https://t.co/zZoA16Ym03
@emilyslist Their determination &amp; passion is truly inspiring. And I can't wait to see what this new generation of women leaders accomplishes. Onward!
@emilyslist Today, @emilyslist announced that 15,000+ women have reached out since Election Day about running for office! 7,000+ want to help them run.
For more than 30 years, @emilyslist has paved the way for women to run &amp; succeed in elected office, including me.
Happy #Pride2017 to everyone in NYC &amp; across the globe. Never forget that LGBT rights are human rights &amp; human rights are LGBT rights. https://t.co/eUUzJDuc2V
Forget death panels. If Republicans pass this bill, they're the death party. https://t.co/jCStfOaBjy
.@BarackObama is right.
This is a critical moment about choosing people over politics.
Speak out against this bill.
https://t.co/mApxdKASlC
If you're waiting for the right moment to call your Senator about Trumpcare, the moment is now. Don't wait until it's too late. 202-224-3121
Best of luck to the Member Team &amp; the Press Team tonight at the @CWSoftballGame, which raises money for young women with cancer. #CWSG
Let's all keep the brave sailors of the USS Fitzgerald in our thoughts &amp; prayers this weekend.
https://t.co/0bMEX2F2Qd
Still no bill. 
Call the Senate switchboard &amp; ask for your Senator. Tell them this bill will hurt people you know &amp; love. (202) 224-3121 https://t.co/WLaFxMGl7h
2 sides take the field tomorrow, but we're all ultimately on one team.

My thoughts are with the members of Congress, staff &amp; heroic police. https://t.co/YwrEBbeDok
Americans deserve to know what's in the GOP health care plan.
Hold hearings &amp; be accountable to your constituents.
That's democracy. https://t.co/4f5wPsHsqK
My heart is with the loved ones of the 49 people killed at Pulse, the city of Orlando, &amp; the LGBT community. #WeWillNotLetHateWin https://t.co/K8BkUW2GVt
Saw the wonderful folks from @republicrestore yesterday &amp; came home w/this. Thanks to Pia &amp; Rachel for all your different forms of activism! https://t.co/p4VUKcdtTZ
@GabbyGiffords What a terrific day, thank you for letting me be a part of it. Congratulations Gabby! #USSGG https://t.co/C0xpHdJtcr
So proud &amp; honored to be in Galveston today. Wherever you are, you can watch live here:
#USSGG
https://t.co/Z8R8gkWQ2H https://t.co/u7jkfAJR9H
Want to hear some good news? 

About to talk to soon-to-be graduates at Medgar Evers College Commencement. Tune in!

https://t.co/8tuGmivn2y
After acts of unspeakable cruelty &amp; cowardice, the people of London &amp; the UK choose resolve over fear. Your friends in the US stand w/ you. https://t.co/ZUkeTG4qoh
Today we remember Hadiya, &amp; all victims of gun violence. Proud of these young dynamos &amp; all those committed to the cause. #WearOrangeDay https://t.co/dZsxZ6nPDZ
A historic mistake. The world is moving forward together on climate change. Paris withdrawal leaves American workers &amp; families behind.
People in covfefe houses shouldn't throw covfefe. https://t.co/M7oK5Z6qwF
Going on stage now, watch live! https://t.co/kkhepdwIkK
A rainy but wonderful morning march in the Chappaqua Memorial Day Parade. Thinking of our veterans who gave their lives for this country. https://t.co/vTbGGfAFCV
Heartbreaking.
No one should have to endure this racist abuse.
No one should have to give their life to stop it.
https://t.co/CpmQcHI8gi
Starting now! Tune in 👇 https://t.co/swMf9tZCqv
Back at @Wellesley today to talk to the Class of 2017 about what comes next. 💪✊️
Watch:
https://t.co/NJ3RgZRYay
Outraged &amp; angry about this cowardly terror attack on a crowd of young people. Sending sympathy &amp; strength to victims &amp; people of Manchester
I burst out laughing when I saw this video this morning. Hope it brightens your day. https://t.co/CEcdoaQUuC
.@IndivisibleTeam @swingleft @ColorOfChange @EmergeAmerica @runforsomething @GovHowardDean This year hasn't been what I envisioned, but I know what I'm still fighting for: a kinder, big-hearted, inclusive America. Onward!
.@IndivisibleTeam @swingleft @ColorOfChange @EmergeAmerica @runforsomething Those are just a few of the groups Onward Together will support, working with @GovHowardDean and others—stay tuned for more to come.
.@IndivisibleTeam @swingleft @ColorOfChange .@EmergeAmerica is training diverse Democratic women candidates, and thousands of young people have signed up to @runforsomething.
.@IndivisibleTeam @swingleft .@ColorOfChange is organizing for criminal justice reform, voter freedom, fairness and accuracy in media, and other racial justice issues.
People across America have made their voices heard thanks to @IndivisibleTeam, and supported @swingleft's efforts to take back the House.
More than ever, I believe citizen engagement is vital to our democracy. I'm so inspired by everyone stepping up to organize and lead.
We're launching Onward Together to encourage people to get involved, organize, and even run for office. https://t.co/8exooosvZ5
The last few months, I've been reflecting, spending time with family—and, yes, taking walks in the woods.
Victory for Macron, for France, the EU, &amp; the world. 

Defeat to those interfering w/democracy. (But the media says I can't talk about that)
A shameful failure of policy &amp; morality by GOP today. Fight back on behalf of the millions of families that will be hurt by their actions: https://t.co/yPy2ZW74mw
Watch &amp; prepare to tear up. Thanks @jimmykimmel for sharing your story &amp; reminding us what's at stake w/health care.
https://t.co/2kTEeUEG2f
Great to see ppl take to the streets &amp; combat climate change, protect the next generation &amp; fight for jobs &amp; economic justice.
#climatemarch
Exciting to see the grassroots army that @swingleft is organizing to help expand the map in 2018! Learn more here: https://t.co/Of4RhkY82u
Help rangers protect the elephants.
Go to https://t.co/pqxZttyOGh.
#EarthDay #Tribeca2017
A thrill to join team of Kathryn Bigelow's The Protectors at #Tribeca2017. Let's protect the earth &amp; all its beauty.
https://t.co/X1gpNulhqI
Happy #EarthDay, and thanks to math and science for all you've given us! 
March on! 🎉🔬🔭
https://t.co/tYquyVKZUn
We set out to do this nationally, but thrilled that New York is getting it done. Let's hope it's the first of many. Text College to 81336. https://t.co/XTmjMm2g2u
Tune in to hear HRC join Governor Cuomo at La Guardia Community College. Watch now: https://t.co/GN6Gd6JxaC
Looking forward to joining Governor Cuomo this morning at @LaGuardiaCC as tuition-free college becomes a reality in New York State. https://t.co/OP4yIexqd6
Let's celebrate New York State getting something important done that we wanted to do nationally. A great step for progressives. https://t.co/CmUZ8njtWF
In Houston about to speak to a crowd of committed activists at @AnniesListTX. Watch live!
https://t.co/6fSUTob5Pw
Check out what @LeanInOrg is doing to celebrate #EqualPayDay.
#20PercentCounts
https://t.co/Q2ovXDWNkG
These are more than statistics, they’re American lives at risk because this administration willfully ignores the science. https://t.co/gacdRsTcQp
Let’s not be distracted. Let’s continue to stand up, organize, resist, put forth good ideas to improve the existing system &amp; peoples' lives.
Ryan, who was born with a disability and with the support of his family and world-class health care has had a lifetime of opportunities. https://t.co/aHB9xvWU34
Pam, who is raising her grandson because his parents are struggling with opioid addiction - a silent epidemic in so many communities. https://t.co/PhfjzMTF1j
Angelina, a young woman with autism who is already worrying who will take care of her when her parents are gone. https://t.co/LwLQ8VcCsK
Keith, who brings his mother with Alzheimer's to work with him because he can’t afford care for her during the day. https://t.co/HD9GyX9E9D
Luisa, who suffered from bone cancer and needed care ASAP - but the hospital wouldn't admit her without proof of insurance.
Natarsha, whose breast cancer was caught early because of a screening at Planned Parenthood, which Republicans would defund. https://t.co/oTXMjrw8Tv
But this fight isn't over yet and we can't forget who it's about. Here are some stories...
Today was a victory for all Americans. https://t.co/LX6lzQXtBR
Bill’s speech brought tears to my eyes. Wanted to share it. Watch if you want to be inspired today. https://t.co/tUOdjP7GUc
Things I learned today. https://t.co/lM2xAjIg3H
On #InternationalWomensDay I'm thinking about this young girl, &amp; all the others like her out there. 💪✨ https://t.co/u1fvzAt1BI
Good message anytime, especially now. #EmbraceAmbition https://t.co/7X21QLL4Wx
Thanks to Pres Johnson &amp; the entire Wellesley community. And congrats to Wellesley's first NCAA crew champions, thanks for the warm welcome! https://t.co/ZpbDpmRECP
Trump's own @DHSgov confirmed this weekend that the ban doesn't enhance security.
But it foments fear &amp; resentment.
https://t.co/jbzGFBsKnF
With threats &amp; hate crimes on rise, we shouldn't have to tell @POTUS to do his part. He must step up &amp; speak out.
https://t.co/QKKyXyuqNM
Congrats to @DNC chair @TomPerez &amp; deputy @keithellison. Excited for strong, unified party standing for best of our country into the future.
Let resistance plus persistence equal progress…here was my message to Democrats today.
https://t.co/7HpG7dDF6H
If you can't stand the heat, get out of the...Congress.
https://t.co/TEAXDPEPrt
JCC threats, cemetery desecration &amp; online attacks are so troubling &amp; they need to be stopped. Everyone must speak out, starting w/ @POTUS.
If you're studying global health, or just want to feed your inner wonk, check out my wonderful daughter &amp; @devisridhar's new book. https://t.co/ujIK4OAR2J
Thanks to Isolde Fair &amp; her classmates for this inspiring song. I'm with YOU. 👏👏👏✨
Watch: https://t.co/3Gt7IbcAMn
Philippe's got his own way of saying things, but he has a point about the real consequences of fake news... https://t.co/a02sXiaHfp
3-0
"She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted."

So must we all.

https://t.co/JXROGHPNkH
I'm one of 100 million #SuperBowl fans that just went #Gaga for the Lady, &amp; her message to all of us. https://t.co/8AoNqjwr1b
At 103, Ruline Steininger had an energy &amp; vibrancy all should aspire to. My thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ her family.
https://t.co/LQ1qozY3NH
What I'm thinking about today:

Khizr Khan:
https://t.co/wrHK7IkBrG

And a vet who fought with those now excluded:
https://t.co/4LhNIT8xVo
I stand with the people gathered across the country tonight defending our values &amp; our Constitution. This is not who we are.
.@MichaelNutter got a lot of great points into 140 characters here. We have to keep the momentum. https://t.co/Bd66lBPMEs
Scrolling through images of the #womensmarch is awe-inspiring. Hope it brought joy to others as it did to me.
https://t.co/29oaMvk3hU
I stand w/ Nora Harren, a 17-year  from Boise, ID, &amp; every person marching for our values today. Onward! ✊✊🏾✊🏽✨ #WomensMarch https://t.co/02lOuXRHuz
'Hope Not Fear'
Indeed. 
And what a beautiful piece by Louisa Cannell. 
#womensmarch 👊👊🏻👊🏼👊🏽✨ https://t.co/7h3Bzx79nB
Thanks for standing, speaking &amp; marching for our values @womensmarch. Important as ever. I truly believe we're always Stronger Together.
I'm here today to honor our democracy &amp; its enduring values. I will never stop believing in our country &amp; its future. #Inauguration
Indeed. Bill &amp; I have you in our thoughts &amp; look forward to you both being back on your feet soon, wild socks &amp; all. -H https://t.co/uCn9nfNNxT
Delighted that @NYGovCuomo proposed free college for ppl making &lt;125K in NY. A plan @SenSanders &amp; I worked hard on. https://t.co/V0aXjhxKpm
The holidays are a time to be thankful for our blessings. Let's rejoice in this season &amp; look forward with renewed hope &amp; determination. -H
I was greeted by this heartwarming display on the corner of my street today. Thank you to all of you who did this. Happy Thanksgiving. -H https://t.co/b69mW3Oqbf
Hoping everyone has a safe &amp; Happy Thanksgiving today, &amp; quality time with family &amp; friends. -H
Looking forward to honoring some brave young people tonight at @ChildDefender where I started my career. Tune in: https://t.co/4gmaM2A9Dx -H
Scripture tells us: Let us not grow weary in doing good, for in due season, we shall reap, if we do not lose heart. https://t.co/snXfdLgZq8
“Let us have faith in each other. Let us not grow weary. Let us not lose heart. For there are more seasons to come and...more work to do.”
“We are stronger together and will go forward together. And you should never, ever regret fighting for that.” —Hillary
“I am grateful to our country for all it has given me. I count my blessings every day that I am an American.” —Hillary
"To all the little girls watching...never doubt that you are valuable and powerful &amp; deserving of every chance &amp; opportunity in the world."
"We have still have not shattered that highest and hardest glass ceiling. But some day, someone will." —Hillary
"To all the women...who put their faith in this campaign and in me...nothing has made me prouder than to be your champion." —Hillary
"This loss hurts. But please never stop believing that fighting for what’s right is worth it." —Hillary
"To Bill, Chelsea, Marc, Charlotte, Aidan, our brothers, and our entire family—my love for you means more than I can ever express." —Hillary
"To Barack and Michelle Obama, our country owes you an enormous debt of gratitude. We thank you for your graceful, determined leadership.”
"I want to thank Tim Kaine and Anne Holton for being our partners on this journey." —Hillary
"Our responsibility as citizens is to keep doing our part to build that better, stronger, fairer America we seek. And I know you will.”
"Our constitutional democracy demands our participation, not just every four years, but all the time." —Hillary
“Donald Trump is going to be our president. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead.” —Hillary
"We have seen that our nation is more deeply divided than we thought. But I still believe in America—and I always will." —Hillary
"I want you to remember this: Our campaign was never about one person or even one election. It was about the country we love.” —Hillary
“You represent the best of America, and being your candidate has been one of the greatest honors of my life.” —Hillary to @HFA
"This is not the outcome we wanted. I’m sorry we did not win this election for the values we share and the vision we hold for our country."
“I hope that he will be a successful president for all Americans.” —Hillary on Donald Trump
“Last night I congratulated Donald Trump and offered to work with him on behalf of our country.” —Hillary
Watch Hillary deliver remarks on the election from New York City: https://t.co/MTRLzjN42x
This team has so much to be proud of. Whatever happens tonight, thank you for everything. https://t.co/x13iWOzILL
Remember, if you are in line before polls close, you can vote! Have a question? Call 1-917-444-5915. https://t.co/2MVKOatmvy
Election Day is almost over. Don’t wait—go vote now! 
Confirm where you vote at https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/IvyE2hJFEU
Our neighbors in battleground states need your help. Make calls to remind Hillary supporters to go vote: https://t.co/Iyboc4TNeA
Today's the day when we show how much stronger we are together. Once you’ve voted, sign up for a volunteer shift: https://t.co/KUIKH9W2ct
It's going to be close, and we need you on this team. Confirm where to vote today: https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s
If you’ve already voted, jump on the phone and remind voters in key battleground states to go vote: https://t.co/Iyboc4TNeA https://t.co/az0v18giTx
Today, let's show the world that love will always trump hate. https://t.co/jfd3CXu1CS https://t.co/a7FXGtAfiG
How do we go high? 

We vote: https://t.co/jfd3CXu1CS https://t.co/rx5OWheuBd
Already voted? That's great! Now help Hillary win by signing up to make calls now: https://t.co/2yc00omuvC
Happy Election Day! https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/IfOBRuvQzJ
Today's the day when we show how much stronger we are together. Once you’ve voted, sign up for a volunteer shift: https://t.co/KUIKH9W2ct https://t.co/zDlXKBFDGL
Let’s go make some history today. https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/IbRcWWun7J
It's Election Day! Millions of Americans have cast their votes for Hillary—join them and confirm where you vote: https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s
Don't stand still. Vote today: https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s #ElectionDay #MannequinChallenge https://t.co/4KAv2zu0rd
It’s Election Day and polls are officially open. When will you vote today? Confirm where to go here: https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/3yZvIbqzdj
In America, we build bridges, not walls.
Let’s go out and prove that love trumps hate.
https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/VTl1jexKON
"If you believe we should never write discrimination into our laws...you’ve got to vote!” —Hillary https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s
"If you believe in science and that we have to act on climate change, then you have to vote!" —Hillary https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s
"It’s not just my name or Donald Trump’s name on the ballot—it’s the kind of country we want.” —Hillary https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s
“You can vote for a hopeful, inclusive, big-hearted vision for America.” —Hillary https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/JJcIfaLSSf
“I believe that she will win!
I believe that she will win!” https://t.co/DhNoz11ARV
"I am so excited that I finally get to vote for my mom in a few hours.” —@ChelseaClinton https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s
Join Hillary for her last rally of the campaign in Raleigh, North Carolina: https://t.co/a6K9DWYY3e
Stronger together. https://t.co/9TkaJrjW0a
"If you believe that racism and sexism and bigotry have no place in our country...you need to vote." https://t.co/nIOvu5x85c
27 million Latinos are eligible to vote this year.

Millions have already voted.

Ready to join them? https://t.co/jfd3CXu1CS https://t.co/IxkmR36MhL
“Let’s make history!” —Hillary https://t.co/33JmMKRfR4
“We need your help, knocking on doors and making phone calls, helping to turn people out.” —Hillary https://t.co/iWKBOE1i18
"I am not going to let anybody rip up the progress that we’ve made.” —Hillary https://t.co/8wuWIUfBst
"Tomorrow, we face the test of our time. What will we vote for?” —Hillary https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/6qcgsS0qjp
"We don’t want to shrink the vision of this country. We want to keep expanding it.” —Hillary
"I believe with all my heart that our best days are still ahead of us, if we reach for them together.” —Hillary in Philly
"I am betting that tomorrow, you will reject fear, and you'll choose hope.” —@POTUS
"I’m betting that young people turn out to vote because your future is at stake.” —@POTUS
“Don’t boo, vote!” —@POTUS https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/LPGUUEty3E
“You don’t just have to vote against someone, you have somebody extraordinary to vote for.” —@POTUS https://t.co/o70dVreNPB
"If his closest advisors don’t trust him to tweet, why would any of us trust him with the nuclear codes?” —@POTUS on Trump
"Tomorrow...the choice you face when you step into that voting booth could not be more clear and could not be more serious.” —@POTUS
"We have a chance to elect a 45th president who will build on our progress, who will finish the job.” —@POTUS
“Hello Philadelphia! Are you fired up? Are you ready to go?” —@POTUS https://t.co/m3diE0KsAY
"Tomorrow, with your vote, you can say that this country has always been great, that it is the greatest nation on earth.” —@FLOTUS
“Tomorrow, with your vote, you can stand up to those who seek to divide us and make us afraid.” —@FLOTUS #ImVotingBecause
“This election is on us; it is in our hands. If we get out and vote tomorrow, Hillary Clinton will win.” —@FLOTUS https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s
“We have a duty to ensure that this country is handed over to a leader that we all can trust.” —@FLOTUS on Hillary
“When the going gets tough, Hillary is the person we want on our side because she never gives up. She never quits.” —@FLOTUS
“Tomorrow, we have the chance to elect someone who is singularly qualified to be our president—our friend, Hillary Clinton.” —@FLOTUS https://t.co/N5MdizSSKf
“No matter what came along, no matter what they hit her with … no matter what happened, she said, ‘We’re stronger together.’” —@BillClinton
You don’t want to miss this one: Join Hillary, @POTUS, @FLOTUS, @BillClinton, and @ChelseaClinton live in Philly. https://t.co/UUuA1bxeIv
"Hillary is the role model Michelle and I want for our daughters and for kids across the country." —@POTUS https://t.co/AnLw4t3349
Yesterday, Khizr Khan told the story of a 10-year-old boy who was bullied at school—until his class watched Mr. Khan's speech. https://t.co/p0l4L2tj2S
Women can stop Trump.

Here's how: https://t.co/jfd3CXu1CS https://t.co/f28w22yOXq
"If your closest advisors don’t trust you to tweet, how can we trust you with the nuclear codes?” —@POTUS on Trump
"I want to be a president for all Americans: Democrats, Republicans, Independents. Not just people who support me, but everyone.” —Hillary
"Public colleges and universities should be tuition-free for anyone who makes less than $125,000 a year.” —Hillary https://t.co/axHVelhvXh
"If you work hard, and you work full-time, you shouldn’t still be in poverty at the end of the year.” —Hillary
"Every single one of us has something to contribute to this great country.” —Hillary https://t.co/hCBaY6ZHYo
"I really believe that America’s best days are still ahead of us if we reach for them together!” —Hillary https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/wuuQj9NrZY
"Are you ready to vote tomorrow, Michigan? Are you ready to help get your friends to vote?” —Hillary https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/0sw8D2ex3Z
“The choice in this election could not be clearer...this election is basically between division and unity in our country.” —Hillary https://t.co/njcPDs7gQU
Join Hillary in Grand Rapids, Michigan, for one of her last rallies of the campaign: https://t.co/jJKydSK4DR
"Look how far we've come from having no voice to being on the brink of making history." —@Beyonce https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/rniw5dOdMT
Latino voters will have a powerful impact on this election—and are already showing record turnout. Be part of this: https://t.co/jfd3CXu1CS https://t.co/xtgepmGJvA
"America depends on you—you, all of you. ... I didn’t say, 'Yes, I can.' I said, 'Yes, we can.'" —@POTUS https://t.co/oHVglCTncQ
"I voted for Hillary Clinton because I am absolutely confident that when she is president, this country will be in good hands.” —@POTUS https://t.co/c7WwNRuYTh
Vote for an America where we build bridges, not walls.

Together, let’s prove that love trumps hate. https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/yaXRz7e9WJ
"Tomorrow is the election, but that is just the beginning." —Hillary https://t.co/i6NFjnrb35 https://t.co/cYI3OuFMEA
This has to be our mission together—doing everything we can to help all our kids, and every American, live up to their God-given potential.
If you believe all our kids should have good schools and good teachers, no matter what ZIP code they live in, then you have to vote. https://t.co/J57TwtKdwm
If you believe that America thrives when the middle class thrives, then you have to vote. https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/H4FdKU7IxL
“I believe America’s best days are still ahead of us.” —Hillary https://t.co/hzhThRsb3x
"We don’t have to accept a dark and divisive vision for America. Tomorrow, you can vote for a hopeful, inclusive, big-hearted America." https://t.co/oGJLM033Wi
Tomorrow’s the day! Join Hillary as she campaigns in Pittsburgh on the eve of Election Day. https://t.co/jJKydSK4DR
"Today, I'm asking for your vote. Tomorrow, let's make history together." —Hillary https://t.co/jfd3CXu1CS https://t.co/TFyaTifghr
Share this if you know someone who needs to see it. https://t.co/i6NFjnrb35 https://t.co/NtAV1dmh1Y
Our children and grandchildren will look back at the choice we make on Tuesday. Let's make them proud. https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/JnvrTvLeOM
America is better than Donald Trump. https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/UYMwkmmxKf
Tomorrow caps an amazing journey, but the work we have to do is just beginning. https://t.co/ulXFcHXcTS
"Women's rights are human rights"—and 132 more reasons Hillary should be our next president. https://t.co/HdDk0FhUBF
Pantsuit up. https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/vQY0YeDzEB
This one's for you, Hillary. https://t.co/KtzpIpSziO
“This election is about you…

your dreams,
your aspirations,
your hopes,
your family,
your community.” —Hillary

https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz
"What’s really on the ballot is what kind of country we want for our children and grandchildren.” —Hillary https://t.co/ihTi53NFJO
“This election is a reckoning. It is a choice between division and unity.” —Hillary https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz
“We should all be grateful that this remarkable family decided to make America their home.” —Hillary on the Khan family
“He and his family exemplify the values that make America great.” —Hillary on Khizr Khan https://t.co/L6axuHYv1n
"Would my son Capt. Humayun Khan have a place in your America?…Would anyone who isn’t like you? —Khizr Khan to Donald Trump
Hillary and @JamesTaylor_com are live in New Hampshire with two days to go. Watch here: https://t.co/oa4NZ1hEHU
A rally fit for a King. https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/uDK8NDu8RC
Florida in the rain. https://t.co/J6g0R08xSY
"My son was Captain Humayun Khan ... and he was a Muslim American. I want to ask Mr. Trump: Would my son have a place in your America?” https://t.co/L6axuHYv1n
This is what it's about:
All the good we can,
for all the people we can,
for as long as we can.
https://t.co/3TKJ4HnJC7 https://t.co/3dldRbEFg7
"I want every public college and university to be tuition-free for every family making less than $125,000 a year.” —Hillary in Cleveland
"I want an America where everyone has a place, where everyone is included.” —Hillary in Ohio https://t.co/SnflwVAzkr
"America is great because America is good, and if we…lift each other up, instead of tearing each other down, we can be even greater."
"I love our country, and I believe in our people, and I will never, ever quit on you. No matter what.” —Hillary in Ohio
“Our next president, Ms. Hillary Clinton!” —@KingJames https://t.co/KPu8RdGuxq https://t.co/1TOlgQLXaD
"We have to get out and make sure we vote.” —@KingJames in Ohio with HIllary https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz
Hillary and @KingJames are live in Cleveland with two days to go. Watch here: https://t.co/KPu8RdGuxq
"You want to give me a good send-off? Go vote!" —@POTUS https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/rqxDSQF4pG
Loved this moment from last night. Thanks to @KatyPerry, @JenCarlosMusic, and everyone out on the trail helping to get out the vote. -H https://t.co/TohJ2UPUq1
"We don't want to go back. We want to go forward." —@RepJohnLewis https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/ZmWyB40o1M
The photos that tell the story of Hillary’s career and what she stands for. https://t.co/N0jBiu0fz1
10 minutes of Donald Trump demeaning, objectifying, and insulting women. https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/bgQKjNJqwR
We are better than bigotry, fear, and hate.

Share this if you agree. https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/P3XekjLyza
"She is a fighter for what is right, what is fair, and what is just." —@RepJohnLewis: https://t.co/jfd3CXu1CS https://t.co/MRqG1FtTIL
Isn't it time to have a mom in the Oval Office? https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/btBI9jL3wF
“The reason a lot of [Ku Klux] Klan members like Donald Trump is because a lot of what he believes, we believe in.” https://t.co/WcsNiEHBUI
We face a serious choice on Tuesday: Will we act to protect the planet for our kids and grandkids, or do nothing? https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/p75ZBNnzCx
Today in 1872, Susan B. Anthony voted—and was then arrested. Almost 50 years later, the 19th Amendment was ratified. https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/RdU6TpqceL
"Nobody respects women more than me." —Donald Trump

Other things he's said about women: https://t.co/fM9h1WYHkK
More people are voting in this election than ever before. Make a plan to vote today: https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/hi7IsIZQni
Text JOIN to 47246 and sign up to help us get out the vote. https://t.co/mUrVhU3YYL
Join Hillary, @KatyPerry, and @ShondaRhimes live in Philadelphia for a special GOTV concert: https://t.co/HVnJV7ccxc
Thank you to @Beyonce, @S_C_, @Pharrell, @ChanceTheRapper, @BigSean, @JColeNC, and all the amazing artists helping to get out the vote. -H
For respect.
For the future.
For our planet.

On Tuesday, they're gonna hear us roar: https://t.co/3TKJ4HnJC7 https://t.co/3G9XwUq6Mb
Your vote could make all the difference. Confirm where you'll cast your vote for Hillary: https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/6SNysBsVHs
Five women older than their right to vote share why they're with Hillary: https://t.co/qEOAiwDGyH
The story of this campaign. https://t.co/8cft9HD0RI
The energy we're seeing on this campaign isn't about what we're against but what we're for—an inclusive America where everyone counts. https://t.co/LiOKlQsQQS
When they go low...we vote: https://t.co/3TKJ4HnJC7 https://t.co/xQ6ETiGMmX
"Donald, you don’t want to go there.” —Hillary on Trump asking what she’s done for the past 30 years https://t.co/j780NLwguv
We are seeing large numbers of people turning out, breaking records.

Make sure you’re ready to vote, too: https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz
In just 3 days, we have the chance to make history:

Join Hillary live in Florida as she gets out the vote: https://t.co/oa4NZ1hEHU
If you believe in a better, stronger, fairer America:

Vote. https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/txByLknaxT
"That reporter and I have the same condition. When Mr. Trump made fun of him, that hurt my feelings." https://t.co/fOwLxPsa37
Ask yourself: Is this man fit to be the next president of the United States? https://t.co/caW4sPh7id
"I'm with her!" —@Beyonce https://t.co/RGabD4XXQT
"Ohio, we are on the doorsteps of history.

I'm here tonight because respect matters." —@S_C_ https://t.co/BiMWwj4xvs
"We have to vote. The world looks to us as a progressive country that leads change." —@Beyonce https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/KXL4PTOGxQ
"Less than 100 years ago, women did not have the right to vote. Look how far we’ve come.” —@Beyonce https://t.co/BiMWwj4xvs
.@Beyonce &amp;
@S_C_ &amp;
Hillary &amp;
You?
https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/DAxSZLuQUB
With just 4 days until Election Day, Hillary is in Ohio with @S_C_, @ChanceTheRapper, @JColeNC, &amp; more. Watch live: https://t.co/BiMWwj4xvs
Don't let this man become your next president: https://t.co/3TKJ4HnJC7 https://t.co/bxLn6ghq0x
“27 million are ready to put up a fight and not be intimidated by hatred and spite.” https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/Say5UiNWNL
For 30 years, @JoeBiden has known Hillary as a public servant, global leader, and friend. Here's why he's with her: https://t.co/dlzPfoxGGx
The progress we’ve made under @POTUS is on the line. We owe it to our kids to get out and vote: https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/WEawGd3i9G
We’ve got to take on discrimination &amp; bigotry.

We can’t accept as normal what we’re seeing across this country because of Trump’s campaign.
“If he doesn’t respect all Americans now, how can we trust him to serve all Americans in the future?” —Hillary on Trump
The presidency doesn’t change who you are—it reveals who you are. And we’ve seen all we need to of Donald Trump.
It’s on all of us to pay it forward—to make sure every kid in every zip code can get ahead. https://t.co/Nt2tQJObvL
“I believe that we should have a confident, optimistic, inclusive vision of where we’re going and how we’re going to get there.” —Hillary
Join Hillary live in Detroit just 4 days from Election Day: https://t.co/DjCTPpvx6I

https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz
First lady of Arkansas
First lady of the United States
Senator
Secretary of state
President? That's up to you:
https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/q5TxK9JzFJ
"I sorta get away with things like that." —Donald Trump, on bursting into Miss Universe pageant dressing rooms https://t.co/dwRPlqMhEL
"You are the change makers, the path breakers, and the ground shakers. You are proof that Black Girl Magic is real." —Hillary https://t.co/oCy4gaTHqX
We can’t. https://t.co/4Xf8kqOnea
We're on track to having the biggest voter turnout in American history.

Be a part of it and make a plan to vote: https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz
We’re going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free for families making less than $125,000 a year. https://t.co/VkVm51nWIY
"Don’t you think it’s finally time to guarantee equal pay for women?” —Hillary in Pittsburgh https://t.co/4ZlhKombnl
“I will do everything I can to get incomes rising again for hardworking people…you deserve to be part of a growing, thriving middle class.”
Trump wants to give the biggest tax breaks in history to the super-wealthy and raise taxes on the middle class.

We can't afford that.
Think about what it would mean to entrust the nuclear codes to someone who lashes out at anyone who challenges him.
"If you elect me on Tuesday, that’s the kind of president I will be: listening, working, finding common ground.” https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz
With just 4 days left, join Hillary and @MCuban as they get out the vote in Pittsburgh: https://t.co/IgQyCFKKRY

https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz
Will Ferrell: comedian, actor, just your average millennial. https://t.co/ExfbQX3AS1
Progress is on the ballot: https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/Il39aXx59c
"Stand up and reject cynicism.  Stand up and reject fear.  

Choose hope.
Choose hope.
Choose hope.
Choose hope.
Choose hope." —@POTUS https://t.co/haMbCOHlDQ
Make sure Trump isn't rewarded for running the most divisive campaign in history: https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/TU5M5GDOyq
"I'm also honored to have the greatest temperament that anybody has." —Donald Trump

About that: https://t.co/C3L5emZ7Jc
Imagine a president who said all of these things. https://t.co/WeuAFe484I
The Central Park Five were exonerated. What does it say about Trump that he thinks they should still be in prison? https://t.co/Karh69ueM8
More than 31 million Americans have already voted.

Be a part of this: https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz
This election isn’t just about who Trump is—it’s about who WE are.

Are you ready to vote? https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz
Get out and vote.
Get everybody you know to vote.

This is one of the most consequential elections in our lifetimes. https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz
"We know that America is big-hearted, not small-minded. We want to lift people up, not tear each other down.” —Hillary
"Are we going to build a better, stronger America—or are we going to fear each other, and fear our future?" —Hillary
"Come January 20, America will have a new president. ... The question is, what kind of change are we going to see?" —Hillary
“If you elect me next Tuesday, that is the kind of president I will be.” https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/cxVjZatDY8
"Everything I’ve done started by listening to people…working to bring people together, to find common ground.” —Hillary in North Carolina
Join Hillary on the trail in North Carolina with @BernieSanders and @Pharrell. https://t.co/ffvKpYDAe7

https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz
.@FLOTUS is with her. Are you? https://t.co/gGLS6SO7sf https://t.co/F05u8pq2rP
"I don’t believe we’re at our best when we stoke fear about each other.” —Hillary

Make a plan to vote if you agree: https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz
We are all safer when everyone has respect for the law, and everyone is respected by the law.
Across America, people are rejecting Trump’s dark vision for one that is hopeful and inclusive and unifying. https://t.co/GFY6lceUFV
Donald—his father Fred—and their entire company were sued by @TheJusticeDept for discriminating against African Americans and Latinos.
"I truly believe that you deserve a candidate you can vote for, not just someone to vote against.” —Hillary https://t.co/udXAf6cNFu
With just 5 days until Election Day, watch Hillary speak live in North Carolina: https://t.co/SiOyd3Mes5

https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz
"I was denied an apartment in the Trump buildings based on the color of my skin."

This is Mae Wiggins's story: https://t.co/lQvZr6qWow
Don’t miss out! Join them: https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/xT4ER9Dmrk
🤔 https://t.co/Gk2xWHIJsm
Trump has built his campaign on demonizing Latinos and immigrants.

Latino voters have the power to stop him. Vote: https://t.co/3TKJ4HnJC7 https://t.co/N2InyT8tyy
Donald Trump just got one of his only newspaper endorsements of this election...from the Ku Klux Klan. https://t.co/kT4BZFuSPJ
"The reporter and I have the same condition. When Mr. Trump made fun of him, that hurt my feelings." https://t.co/pyRWafS9Bz
"I'm casting my vote early for Hillary Clinton, and I urge you to vote early for Hillary, too." —@FLOTUS https://t.co/CDlNpyZ6sd
They did it! 108 years later and the drought is finally over. Way to make history, @Cubs. #FlyTheW -H
"More than 31 million people have already voted early." —Hillary

Join them → https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz
"About half of the people he wants to deport—they’ve paid more taxes than Donald Trump has paid.” —Hillary in Arizona
We know that America is big-hearted, not small-minded. We want to lift people up, not tear each other down. https://t.co/jsBEPAXKqG
"Even if you’re not for me, I promise, I will be for you as your president.” —Hillary in Arizona
Last week, Sheriff Joe Arpaio was charged with contempt of court for racially profiling Latinos.

Donald Trump supports him.
6 days until the most important election of our lifetimes. https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz

Join Hillary live in Arizona → https://t.co/rCODSadFN8
The perpetrators who set the Hopewell M.B. Church in MS on fire must be brought to justice. This kind of hate has no place in America. -H
Sign up for the chance to join Hillary on Election Night in NYC—and bring a guest! We'll take care of the details: https://t.co/RjYGtkmoOC
"I know it seems a little odd for someone running for president to say we need more love and kindness in America." https://t.co/uvd1pk6nhB
Barack. Michelle. Joe. You?

Make a plan to vote: https://t.co/alU46Pue6N
“I will do my best to bring people together, not pull them apart...let’s make sure we win on Tuesday and prove that love trumps hate.”
"Girls would grow up with a president who...brags about doing things to them without their consent." —Hillary on Donald Trump
Imagine that it’s January 20, 2017. Ask yourself, what will life be like for you under President Trump?

→ https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz
“I will be a president who seeks to find common ground while standing my ground.” —Hillary
"Everyone is safer when the police respect the people they protect and when the people respect the police who serve them.” —Hillary
Hillary is in Las Vegas, just 6 days from Election Day. Tune in to watch her live: https://t.co/dkg7pwiNMt
Trump "doesn’t look at us as full human beings, with our dreams and our purposes, our own capabilities.” https://t.co/WFljZW0lHv
"I've been bullied for being Muslim. ... It hurts, you know."

This is the Trump Effect: https://t.co/PNmSX0ofOE
"Our democracy is on the ballot right now—and Hillary gives us a chance to advance our democracy.” —@POTUS

Go vote: https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz
"America depends on you. You! All of you.” —@POTUS

Make your plan to go vote: https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/pbjuFyT8LY
"She believes we can summon what’s best in each of us and make this country better for all of us.” —@POTUS on Hillary
"You have a candidate who is worthy of your vote—who is smart, who is steady, who is tested.” —@POTUS on Hillary https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz
"If you disrespect women before you were president, you will disrespect women when you’re in office.” —@POTUS
"This guy is temperamentally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief and he’s not equipped to be president.” —@POTUS on Trump in North Carolina
Watch live: @POTUS hits the trail for Hillary in North Carolina with just 6 days to go → https://t.co/mIBRcUOR6X
Lawrence Ramos is a first generation American, a World War II and Korean War veteran, and a proud Hillary supporter. https://t.co/AYBkJsTvo4
"27 million strong all ready to vote for freedom, equality, and reason—traits that seem to have gone out of season." https://t.co/0Bq9ilscg1
Our choice is between the most qualified candidate in decades—and a man who once started a Twitter war with Cher. https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/eg1d3BFo0p
Thanks, Louis C.K.—but it's "Madam" Tough Mother. https://t.co/LlfFFJBedh
Heartbroken for the families of two brave officers who were killed in Iowa. There’s no justification for this kind of violence. -H
We are not going to let big business and big corporations call the shots anymore. That is not working for us. https://t.co/dKjfZv6kM1 https://t.co/xKwGTvlq7G
Our children are watching to see what kind of example we set for them. https://t.co/rAzUyjWsAq
When you're 27 million strong, no one can tell you that you don't belong. https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/eRt172xZ5b
Fighting for kids in foster care has been one of the causes of Hillary's career, all the way back to law school. https://t.co/PKCBkcEPSW
More people will early vote in 2016 than ever before. Join them: https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/ZeMmuKhqev
Be like @JoeBiden:

Always make a plan. https://t.co/3TKJ4HnJC7 https://t.co/80ZfLWbu6g
On average, Latinas make only $0.54 for each $1 white men earn. Time to close that gap. #LatinaEqualPay https://t.co/Qk77Lp3GPK
What’s on the ballot this year:
Our future.
Our security.
Our values.
Who we are as a country.
https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz
Trump said pregnancy is an inconvenience for employers.
He dismisses the pay gap.
He said wages are too high.
He wants to defund @PPact.
"He doesn't see us as full human beings with our own dreams, our own capabilities.” —Hillary on what Trump thinks of women
Trump's "also been accused of doing this at the Miss Teen USA pageant...some of them were just 15 years old.” —Hillary
Donald Trump is on tape bragging about barging in on undressed women backstage at beauty pageants to "inspect" them.
Can we just stop and reflect on the absurdity of Donald Trump finding fault with Miss Universe? Who would act like this? A bully.
Most of us learned by elementary school that it’s not OK to insult people’s looks.

Donald calls women fat, ugly, and disgusting.
“Today, I want to just spend a few minutes focusing on...what [Trump] has said—and what he has done—to women and girls.” —Hillary
"I’m reaching out to Republicans and Independents as well as Democrats because I want to be president for all Americans.” —Hillary
There are a lot of reasons to vote against Donald Trump. Maybe, for you, it’s his dangerous statements about using nuclear weapons. https://t.co/tOzqm8vGWm
"Let’s work our hearts out so we can finally say 'Madam President.’” —@MachadoOficial https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/3lehgELwQ4
"It’s really clear that he does not respect women. He just judges us on our looks.” —@MachadoOficial on Trump
One week to go.

Watch Hillary talk about what's at stake for women in this election on the trail in Florida → https://t.co/IbH5hqobxD
“[Trump] deducted somebody else’s losses." https://t.co/j6GmJWqqrC
After his lawyers advised against it, Trump used a "legally dubious" strategy to avoid paying taxes for years. https://t.co/j6GmJWqqrC
Anyone who sees and treats women this way is unfit to be president. https://t.co/aRXRfItr0r
Donald Trump's equal pay plan for women: "You're gonna make the same if you do as good a job." https://t.co/0qxb8r0OyV
Share this if you're voting today for National Early Vote Day! https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/XlwDmdGzKZ
"The thought of Donald Trump with nuclear weapons scares me to death. It should scare everyone." https://t.co/E77BgjQGj7
Computer scientists have apparently uncovered a covert server linking the Trump Organization to a Russian-based bank. https://t.co/8f8n9xMzUU
It's time for Trump to answer serious questions about his ties to Russia. https://t.co/D8oSmyVAR4 https://t.co/07dRyEmPjX
"Think about what it takes to lead in a very complicated world and in whose hands you want to put the safety of our children.” —Hillary
"When it comes to handling a crisis, we’ve seen in this campaign, Donald Trump loses his cool at the slightest provocation.” —Hillary
Dozens of former nuclear launch officers agree: Donald Trump should never be in charge of America's nuclear weapons.
Hillary’s in Ohio with just 8 days left in the campaign. Watch live: https://t.co/oa4NZ1hEHU
A guide to help you make your choice for president. https://t.co/QzK7XZYmJW
Incredible. https://t.co/zBqO2HTiP4 https://t.co/w7pkIVqd1p
Sometimes the fate of the greatest nations comes down to single moments in time. This is one of those moments. https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
"That’s what’s on the ballot this year. It’s not just my name and Donald Trump’s name. It’s our future. Our security. Our values." —Hillary
"With the election just 8 days away...Trump should immediately disclose all of his ties and connections to the Kremlin and its associates."
Why would Putin want Trump to win?
The nice things he’s said about him?
His promise to adopt pro-Kremlin policies?
Or his business dealings?
U.S. intelligence has confirmed the Russian government is directing cyberattacks against the U.S. to influence the outcome of our election.
"Ask yourself: In a crisis, who would you trust? Who would listen to good advice, keep a level head, and make the right call?” —Hillary
What kind of a person brags on 9/11 that, now that the Twin Towers had fallen, a building he owned was the tallest in Lower Manhattan?
A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons.
“[Launching a nuclear weapon] can take as little as 4 minutes. 4 minutes. That’s why...Trump should never be put in charge.” —Hillary
Donald Trump has repeatedly suggested that more countries should have nuclear weapons. Japan, South Korea, even Saudi Arabia.
Instead of dark and divisive, our vision for America is hopeful and inclusive. Big-hearted, not small-minded. It’s about lifting people up.
With just 8 days until Election Day, Hillary is speaking in Ohio. Join her live: https://t.co/oa4NZ1hEHU
Trump's already threatened our national security. That'll be the tip of the iceberg if he becomes president. https://t.co/8waULARFD6
Here's what foreign policy experts, diplomats, and world leaders think about Hillary's four years as America's secretary of state: https://t.co/kMUPzAErRS
As secretary of state, Hillary restored our reputation around the world and made us safer. https://t.co/K5xvmKOAm7
In 1964, Monique was three years old and appeared in “Daisy,” a political ad about avoiding nuclear war. Here’s what she has to say today. https://t.co/guKbMThlmf
"The fear of nuclear war that we had as children, I never thought our children would ever have to deal with that again." https://t.co/7LYCDaUau9
We've made extraordinary progress under @POTUS. On November 8, that progress is on the ballot. https://t.co/OaH52l1Nyn
"We don't miss voting in my family." A story from the 1992 presidential campaign that President @BillClinton will never forget: https://t.co/h5MlD9C43B
"Most of them deserved it." —Donald Trump

https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/UjX7FYiLQo
If you're voting for Hillary, don't stop there. We need to support Democrats down the ticket. Here's why: https://t.co/fKZnOYlbrJ
In 9 days, we'll choose who succeeds @POTUS in the Oval Office. Make sure we make the right choice: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/yHOhzueHe6
A young girl asked: "What are you going to do about all this bullying?" https://t.co/ItziFrwa9b https://t.co/zw1UwMOPNg
Who are you fighting for? Donate in their honor to help Hillary win: https://t.co/ax9b67Skrr
On November 9, if you want to say you voted for a better future, make a plan to vote now: https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz
"LGBT kids don’t need to be cured of anything. They just need to be accepted and loved and embraced.” —Hillary
"With Donald, it’s always Donald Trump first and everyone else last.” —Hillary
"Who pretends to help kids with HIV/AIDS in order to make themselves look good?” —Hillary on Trump https://t.co/p3EUMewYTw
"Let’s break every single record. Let’s make that the story of this election.” —Hillary https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
"When you’re knocked down, what matters is whether you get up again...I’m not stopping now.” —Hillary
With just 9 days until Election Day, Hillary is campaigning in Florida. Tune in to watch her live: https://t.co/dkg7pwiNMt
“To those of you celebrating this joyous occasion, I wish you and your loved ones a Happy Diwali and Saal Mubarak.” —Hillary https://t.co/z1QoaKr58k
FBI Director Comey owes the American people an explanation. Five things you need to know: https://t.co/PrStSB1207
Yesterday, FBI Director Comey bowed to partisan pressure and released a vague and inappropriate letter to Congress. What you need to know: https://t.co/E5Q8Mgp0h0
Education is at stake.  
The environment is at stake.  
LGBT equality are at stake.  
Equal pay is at stake.
https://t.co/tTgeqy51PU https://t.co/I68A73cj9D
Trump has a history of boasting about his donations to charity—and little history of seriously donating to charity. https://t.co/p3EUMewYTw
"I want you hustling all the way until the polls close on November 8." —@POTUS https://t.co/HmTeeo6bye https://t.co/70NjaDrt7D
"Justice Dept. strongly discouraged Comey on move in Clinton email case" —@NYTimes https://t.co/W5u8MUak9f
"On January 20, we’re going to have a new president. I will be proud to build on the progress we’ve made under @POTUS and go even further."
The future of our economy is at stake.
LGBT equality is at stake.
Equal pay for women is at stake.

Go vote: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
Americans are coming together to reject hate and division. Americans are rejecting Donald Trump’s demeaning treatment of women.
"Let’s break every record that we’ve ever had for voting. Let’s make that the story of this election.” —Hillary https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
"No matter what they throw at us in these last days, we won’t back down. We won’t be distracted.” —Hillary: https://t.co/2ib8g1gWVm
With just 10 days until Election Day, Hillary’s on the trail in Florida.

Watch live: https://t.co/Hc1AV275a6
“The Director owes it to the American people to immediately provide the full details of what he is now examining.” https://t.co/WTjQMwALV9
Equality is on the ballot.
Justice is on the ballot.
Our progress is on the ballot. 
https://t.co/tTgeqy51PU https://t.co/uVEjpCzVCq
"If you want hope instead of fear, then you will elect Hillary Clinton as president of the United States.” —@POTUS https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
"You have a chance to elect a woman, our first female president, who has spent her entire life moving this country forward.” —@POTUS
"We shouldn’t let our kids think that politics is about pitching a new hotel, or a new golf course, or a TV contract." —@POTUS
Fired up. Ready to go. 

Join @POTUS live in Florida with just 11 days left: https://t.co/103zgd8Xg7
Trump has contributed $0 for our military, $0 for Pell Grants to help people afford college, $0 for our highways. https://t.co/dRqI1W6IXI
We’re going to make public colleges tuition-free for families making less than $125,000 a year and debt-free for everyone else.
Too many families have been ripped apart by gun violence. We need to bring people together to reform our laws. https://t.co/h2bXJntzJi
"I want to be a president for everyone in this country—Democrats, Republicans, Independents…I’m going to work just as hard for everybody."
While Trump is making an unprecedented attack on democracy, millions of Americans are voting.

Join them: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
Watch live: Hillary campaigns in Des Moines, IA with 11 days to go → https://t.co/jJKydSK4DR

Make a plan to vote: https://t.co/zbTH7fLWJm
“Just kiss. I don’t even wait. I sort of get away with things like that." —Donald Trump https://t.co/eYo0D4tPOG
Trump wants to give trillions in tax cuts to millionaires and corporations. It’s trickle-down economics on steroids. https://t.co/qqEnK144FO
Our kids deserve good schools with good teachers, no matter what ZIP code they live in. https://t.co/DSYABCknlj
Trump’s campaign strategy:
Get women to stay home.
Get young people to stay home.
Get people of color to stay home.

https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
"Make no mistake: Women’s health and rights—our futures, the futures of our daughters and granddaughters—are on the ballot.” —Hillary
"This is a man who relishes making women feel terrible about themselves, in every possible way.” —Hillary on Trump

We're better than that.
Don’t let anyone tell you they’re too busy to vote. If Ruline can do it, so can they. https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/QSCZI7JbrV
“More than 16.5 million people have already voted in this election.” —Hillary

Join them: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
11 days to go and Hillary’s on the trail in Iowa. Tune in now: https://t.co/mTVrSXP9U9

And make a plan to vote: https://t.co/58n4AxM4BK
Newspapers and magazines across the country are breaking with tradition to endorse Hillary. https://t.co/iQicjDZaWk
.@ElizabethforMA is making calls for Hillary. Join her: https://t.co/Iyboc4TNeA https://t.co/sf5cJKPVq0
“I need you to knock on doors.
I need you to make phone calls.
You gotta talk to your friends, including your Republican friends.” —@POTUS https://t.co/3bTUjMkSRZ
Thankful for @TammyforIL's—and her family's—service to this country. It's really not that hard to grasp, @MarkKirk. https://t.co/rKY0rberiB
"Kids and families have been the passion of my life—and they'll be the heart of my presidency." https://t.co/xpfJ2ZAjJv
"First ladies, we rock." —@FLOTUS

Get all the highlights from Michelle and Hillary's first-ever joint rally: https://t.co/k7M8R4cEQa
🙌 https://t.co/pWF9Evqr4j
We can fight for the country we want and make history at the same time. Are you ready to vote? https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/4hORC9vH8r
Glad to hear @mike_pence, his staff, Secret Service, and the crew are all safe. -H
"I don't want bullies in my life, and I especially don't want one in the White House." —Bryce, a student living with muscular dystrophy https://t.co/AIViiuuleP
In which @realDonaldTrump basically proves our point. https://t.co/BCfxhPEmk8
“If Hillary doesn’t win this election, that will be on us.” —@FLOTUS

Don't let that happen: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/DTY3Wa060M
“Folks marched &amp; protested for our right to vote. They endured beatings and jail time. They sacrificed their lives for this right.” —@FLOTUS
"Casting our vote is the ultimate way we go high when they go low.” —@FLOTUS https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
“Get out and vote. Get out and vote for Hillary. Vote early. Vote right now!” —@FLOTUS

https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
“Hillary has done her job. Now we need to do our job and get her elected president of the United States.” —@FLOTUS https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
"Thankfully, Hillary is a policy wonk. And let me tell you, when you are president, that is a good thing.” —@FLOTUS https://t.co/GPdwi7JtwP
Hillary "is absolutely ready to be Commander-in-Chief…and yes, she happens to be a woman." —@FLOTUS https://t.co/A0WhIzFP8Q
"We want a president who takes this job seriously and has the temperament and maturity to do it well." —@FLOTUS
"We want a president who understands that this nation was built by people who came here from all corners of the world." —@FLOTUS
"We want someone who is a unifying force in this country, who sees our differences not as a threat, but as as blessing." —@FLOTUS
“As we look into the eyes of our children...the stakes in this election could not be more clear.” —@FLOTUS
"We have never before had a more qualified or prepared candidate for president than Hillary Clinton.” —@FLOTUS
"I’ve been fighting for kids at every step of my career, and I will fight for them every single day of my presidency." —Hillary
We’ve got to make sure all our kids know that America has a place for you.
We can never forget how Trump disrespects our military families, like the Khans. https://t.co/cWxnRsqU6r
“Seriously, is there anyone more inspiring than Michelle Obama?” —Hillary
.@FLOTUS is “someone who reminds us to work hard, stay true to our values, and never stop fighting for what we believe in." —Hillary
"Dignity and respect for women and girls is also on the ballot this election.” —Hillary https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
If you believe everyone deserves to be treated equally, no matter who they are or who they love—you’ve got to vote. https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
If you believe that America should stand with those who serve, because they’ve served us, you’ve got to vote. https://t.co/VV1vwoEiNZ
If you care about the right to vote and want to make sure it’s protected and strengthened, you’ve got to vote. https://t.co/Y4W97Qu1Pr
You don't want to miss this. Join Hillary and @FLOTUS on the trail together for the first time in NC → https://t.co/hj6ff24fiW
"Would my son have a place in your America?" —Khizr Khan, father of a fallen American hero, to Donald Trump https://t.co/TRmSe4qfRr
Don't boo, vote early! Find out when you can vote in your state at https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm. https://t.co/chXIWlE3L2
Glad Secretary Carter did the right thing. Our men and women in uniform deserve our support and deepest gratitude, not an undue burden. -H https://t.co/TmOF3qaw9h
"Hillary Clinton is a distinctly capable candidate: experienced, serious, schooled, resilient." —The @NewYorker https://t.co/LLClRNgfDw https://t.co/bOAgvCAGN5
Trump said he’s "very proud” to lead the birther movement to discredit @POTUS. Here’s how he spread the racist lie: https://t.co/fBZavGASai
We're almost to the finish line, and you can help Hillary get there. Early vote today: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/blFBq5GjDT
This is heartbreaking. No child in America should feel afraid to practice their religion or embrace their heritage. https://t.co/QAfnEXH6ls
Sign Hillary's birthday card to wish her a great (and historic) year to come: https://t.co/aNxs2yddoG
It's Hillary's birthday! Don't forget to sign her card: https://t.co/yzV8qQJsUk https://t.co/LeJQEH7ndL
When Bronx found out he shares a birthday with Hillary (October 26—today!), he was determined to write her a letter. https://t.co/gmfVm5q0si https://t.co/L5BKWto9dS
Join @S_C_ in Cleveland for a concert to help get out the vote for Hillary! Text JAYZ to 47246 for all the details. https://t.co/6RenC6z0et
That was quite a birthday surprise, @Adele. Loved the show last night! -H https://t.co/2QJ76wABh0
"It’s not just what we’re against that should motivate you to go to the polls.

It’s what we are for.” —Hillary https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz
A multimillionaire should never pay a lower tax rate than a teacher or a nurse or a policeman or a firefighter.
We’re going to make America the clean energy superpower of the 21st Century. https://t.co/GJxIrBLAwy
More than 10,000,000 Americans have already voted in this election.

You can make it 10,000,001: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
We’ve learned in this campaign that Donald Trump is the poster boy for what’s wrong with our economy. https://t.co/geyHk15uto
Live from Tampa: Hillary campaigns with just 13 days left in this campaign → https://t.co/jHTI4ug4Pj

https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
1973:
Hillary takes on discrimination against kids with disabilities.
Trump gets sued for housing discrimination. https://t.co/Ka0Za9d4RX https://t.co/Wur4d4i6vY
Wish Hillary a happy birthday by making a plan to vote: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/Zavx99ZLdC
Let’s come together to give every American the chance to chart their own future. Let’s prove once-and-for-all that love trumps hate.
"When you work full-time, you shouldn’t still be living in poverty, worrying about whether you can put food on the table.” —Hillary
"The future of the economy is on the ballot. I believe that when the middle class thrives, America thrives.” —Hillary
"More than 10 million people have already voted in this election—and two million of them are right here in Florida.” https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
In America, we don’t say we’re going to “keep you in suspense” about whether we’ll respect the outcome of an election.
Watch live: Hillary campaigns in Florida with just 13 days left until Election Day → https://t.co/EsqAmcnrnC

https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
America is already great because it welcomes people like Damián López Rodriguez—an immigrant who gave his life for our country. https://t.co/r4YUzLrheg
Happy birthday to this future president. https://t.co/JT3HiBjYdj
Today is Hillary's birthday! Find out what she was doing the year you were born: https://t.co/xWnRW2boOg
In the 1970s, Trump's real estate company marked rental applications for African Americans with a "C" for "colored." https://t.co/5FT8YQiU0g
99% more Florida Latinos have already voted early than at this point in 2012. Join them: https://t.co/cqsal32OB3 https://t.co/WIdCeGUUcu
If a candidate begins his career running a company that discriminates against people of color, what kind of president will he be? https://t.co/Rj6QeLJ1Zt
Proud to have the endorsement of General Powell, a decorated soldier and distinguished statesman. https://t.co/4uBFn2aw4W -H
"I feel very, very angry. So much so that it still evokes anger and hurt." —Mae Wiggins, on experiencing discrimination by Trump's company https://t.co/ucLcIV89yf
Words of advice from the 1969 @Wellesley College commencement speaker: Hillary Rodham. https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/bs6DvFfkjH
Text JOIN to 47246 and get involved because the bigger the turnout, the bigger the statement we’ll make about the kind of country we are.
We’ve got to raise the minimum wage. No one who works full-time should still be in poverty. https://t.co/4tLYvfZny7
We can create millions of jobs and protect our environment at the same time. https://t.co/mCzHzYxMfz
Donald Trump is unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief. A president doesn’t call our military a “total disaster.” https://t.co/B66Yf4gylz
Nobody should wake up on November 9 and wonder whether there is more you could have done. https://t.co/eS3ie0qMIX
As Trump makes an unprecedented attack on our democracy, millions of people are registering and voting early. https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
We believe that no matter what you look like or where your parents were born or who you love, you have the right to be treated equally.
"I’ve tried to run a campaign based on issues. He’s run a campaign based on insults.” —Hillary on Trump https://t.co/utlmSKmREv
With just 14 days until Election Day, join Hillary live for a rally in Florida → https://t.co/EsqAmcnrnC

https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
Americans’ wages just hit an all-time high.

We need to build on this progress—not turn back: https://t.co/ozm7qkDkjA
Tomorrow is Hillary's birthday! Make sure your name is on her card: https://t.co/d9Nvr0HANk
FACT: Donald Trump's company systematically denied housing to people of color dating back to the 1960s and 70s. https://t.co/x1rpVn3TPX
When a black tenant applied for an apartment in one of Trump's buildings, she was told it wasn't available.

A white tenant got that unit. https://t.co/na5Tdyav0E
“In these final weeks of the election season, find someone to tell about Clinton’s lifetime of service.”—@wigazette https://t.co/ez5nbWrBef
"My name is Mae Wiggins. I was denied an apartment in the Trump buildings based on the color of my skin." https://t.co/ds8NkkV0T2
"Get this, Donald:
Nasty women are tough.
Nasty women are smart.
And nasty women vote."
—@ElizabethForMA https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/L9AkcTKNfP
A man who disrespects our service members cannot be our Commander-in-Chief. https://t.co/eerqQrjRbz
"It’s important to give you something to vote for, not just against." —Hillary https://t.co/qVF3DUSYZ7 https://t.co/uvGVgqktgn
No one who wants to be Commander-in-Chief should be calling active military operations a "disaster.” https://t.co/YjLRFyfE4f
In honor of Trump's relentless pursuit of any conspiracy theory, presenting a stylish update to his famous hats: https://t.co/Ei9uHCD6a0 https://t.co/HDdVoMf60F
Your friends, your family, stars on Broadway—everyone's voting this year. Don't throw away your shot: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/0a8dQ2JVtd
Trump loves conspiracy theories almost as much as his hat. But why choose?

Make your own tin foil #MAGA hat: https://t.co/EP3phClYxi https://t.co/lnjm0x6sJL
“Clinton has the temperament, knowledge and experience to be president.” —@PhillyTrib https://t.co/KpM8ECx00D
When Trump trivializes the sacrifice of our military and veterans, he makes it clear: He has no idea what service to this country means. https://t.co/HgTVdsPTJo
Good question. https://t.co/wrd7SUI4cI https://t.co/Gpio1LA5Z8
A promise to "Make America Great Again" might mean more from someone who actually made his products in America. https://t.co/Q75vEdoq8m
If Donald Trump condones discrimination against his own employees, how would he lead our country? https://t.co/3VdXH9tykx
"He lost $1 billion running a casino. Who does that?” —Hillary on Trump: https://t.co/cijmdjCj0t
No matter where you go to college, we’ll make it easier for you to pay back and pay down your student debt. https://t.co/VkVm51nWIY
Last night, Trump called a military effort to push terrorists out of Mosul a “total disaster.”

That’s dangerous. https://t.co/1MzyauM3Nw
The energy we’re seeing out there isn’t just about what we’re against—it’s about what we’re for: a future in which everyone counts.
While Donald Trump is assaulting our democracy, millions of people are standing up for it—registering, voting early, and volunteering.
Donald Trump refused to say that he’d respect the results of this election.

That’s a direct threat to our democracy.
"Racism and sexism and bigotry have no place in our country.” —@ElizabethForMA in New Hampshire
"Get this Donald: nasty women are smart, nasty women are tough, and nasty women vote.” —@ElizabethForMA: https://t.co/uTXX68HXhY
"Donald Trump aggressively disrespects more than half the people in this country.” —@ElizabethForMA https://t.co/Lvsb5mkLSt
"The game is 'rigged'—it’s rigged for guys like Donald Trump. I say, it’s time to fight back!” —@ElizabethForMA https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
"Hillary Clinton fights for us. It is now time for us to fight for Hillary.” —@ElizabethForMA https://t.co/iWKBOE1i18
"It is great to be in the state that’s going to send Hillary Clinton to the White House!” —@ElizabethForMA in New Hampshire
With 15 days to go, Hillary and @ElizabethForMA hit the trail in New Hampshire. Tune in: https://t.co/wn6a97g587 https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
“We’re going to work our hearts out to make Hillary Clinton the next president of the United States.” —@ElizabethForMA https://t.co/OOnSWd6Nqn
No family should spend more than 10% of its income on child care.

Here's how we can achieve that goal: https://t.co/lQzCN6czhh
"No matter what issue you care about, it is on the ballot." —Hillary last night in Pennsylvania https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/tr01Rg3FTO
16 days. https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/xj2robvztw
Congrats Cathy, and happy homecoming Howard! https://t.co/jG6chUjWdM
The president takes an oath to "preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution." 

Does Trump know what's in it? https://t.co/9Mvxq2BAz2
"I will defend women's rights to make their own health care decisions." —Hillary https://t.co/BAbTwyL97U
"My vision for America is an America where everyone has a place. This is the America that I know and love." —Hillary https://t.co/mndHv0mqJ5
A (non-exhaustive) list of all the terrible things Donald Trump has said about women: https://t.co/QTCwWkrAf9
The @NewYorker endorses Hillary: https://t.co/LLClRNgfDw https://t.co/0guNUsOuAL
Donald Trump says he'd deport 16 million people. How do you even begin to quantify that? https://t.co/Fu1aBQrZag
Did you know Hillary's college plan makes it easier for student-parents to afford school? Get the details: https://t.co/duxJbIPwCy
Newspapers across the country are almost exclusively endorsing Hillary over Trump. https://t.co/gaQgj0Xyjg
Don’t let anybody tell you America’s best days are behind us. https://t.co/N6iFu8ZSHl
“Two words give us hope: Madam President." —@VogueMagazine https://t.co/RCACiLsFVc https://t.co/aaYwwVFasi
Just 17 days left. Join Hillary and @TimKaine on the trail in Philadelphia: https://t.co/jJfSVzYjAZ
Hillary's been called a lot of things over the years. "Quitter" isn't one of them. https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/gDQ7waMjyY
Talk to your loved ones about this election—there's too much at stake to sit out. https://t.co/tTgeqy51PU https://t.co/0sMlFJOwyJ https://t.co/g5NYFqZMF2
"When your children and grandchildren ask what you did in 2016...I hope you’ll say you voted for a better America.” —Hillary
"We’re going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free for families making less than $125,000 a year.” https://t.co/ICfynSCYQ7
"Whether you agree or disagree with me, whether you vote for me or not, I believe we can disagree without being disagreeable.” —Hillary
“We’re going to grow the middle class from the middle out and the bottom up, not the top down.” —Hillary https://t.co/fBQJawZUvB
"I really want to be president for all of the kids in America, to do everything I can to help you.” —Hillary in Pittsburgh
"We’re going to come together in the next 17 days and convince everybody you can to get out and vote.” —Hillary https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
“If you can be president of the United States, you can do anything.” —@TimKaine’s message to girls in America
Hillary and @TimKaine are campaigning together in Pittsburgh. Tune in now to join them live: https://t.co/CcJ6koc5On
Donald Trump has a unique view of the Bill of Rights. Here’s what it might look like under his presidency: https://t.co/DCTtNKMFQv
"Hillary Clinton is not just the only safe choice in this election — she’s also the right choice." —@BostonGlobe https://t.co/bpKDV6bJVU
"Hillary Clinton is far better than Trump or anyone else running. She should be president." —@PhillyDotCom https://t.co/HCVjLSXW0r
"My son was Captain Humayun Khan. He was 27 years old. And he was a Muslim American." https://t.co/as9k2RMdV5
"We really are just trying to make our mark in life by helping people." https://t.co/PKoxy9dZEU
"This is a woman I have never met...but who has stood with my family and me over and over again." https://t.co/zDMxHMGUZT
Just 17 days left in this campaign. If you're proud to stand with Hillary, chip in now and get your free sticker: https://t.co/wcVRk9D7V1
Enter now for your once-in-a-lifetime chance to fly for free with Hillary on the official campaign plane: https://t.co/etGzuSlodX
"It’s time to get out the vote." https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/0sMlFJwVHb #JuntosSePuede https://t.co/ilH8xA0R3Q
"What I want to say to Hillary is, 'Thank you. You made a difference in my child's life.'" https://t.co/hougWv15gK
“It’s becoming clear that, to him, most of America is ‘them.’” —@FLOTUS on Donald Trump https://t.co/31JCixurBJ
"Let’s go out and prove that love trumps hate!” —Hillary https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/OmeUg5bDbr
“The only way we can have that positive, optimistic, unifying future is if all of you help us get there.” —Hillary https://t.co/iWKBOE1i18
“We’ve got to make sure that women and girls are treated with the dignity and respect in our country that we deserve.” —Hillary
"Education should lift you up, not hold you back. We’re going to help you pay back and pay down your loans." https://t.co/VkVm51nWIY
Trump suits were made in Mexico—he could have made them in Brooklyn, Ohio.

Trump furniture is made in Turkey instead of Cleveland.
“He has put Chinese steelworkers to work, not American steelworkers, and we’re going to change that.” —Hillary on Trump
“When the middle class thrives, America thrives.” —Hillary in Cleveland https://t.co/ZiHj4nQanC
"I want to be every single American’s president…I believe we can disagree without being disagreeable.” —Hillary #StrongerTogether
“There’s something really exciting happening right now—people are coming together…to reject hate and division.” —Hillary
“More than 3 million people have already voted, including many of you right here in Ohio.” —Hillary

Join them: https://t.co/FGde4kwoHv
More than 200 million voters are registered to vote in this election. That’s more than ever before.

Join them: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
“We know the difference between leadership and dictatorship, and the peaceful transition of power is one of the things that sets us apart.”
Donald Trump refused to say that he’d respect the results of this election. By doing that, he’s threatening our democracy.
Hillary's live in Cleveland talking about what we need to do to move our country forward. Watch here: https://t.co/dkg7pwiNMt
Captain Humayun Khan died serving his country—and saving his entire unit.

Trump seems to think someone like him doesn't belong in America. https://t.co/qGKhm0l6e7
"I took a break from my rigorous nap schedule to be here."

Catch up on Hillary's best lines at the #AlSmithDinner: https://t.co/XQkzWYh9fU
Where was this kind of comedy last night? https://t.co/71JhLG55G5
Trump called Latinos "bad hombres" on Wednesday. It's not even the most insulting thing he said about the community. https://t.co/ClGi0LEfJ0
Khizr Khan, father of a fallen Muslim American hero: "I want to ask Mr. Trump: Would my son have a place in your America?" https://t.co/2ZePQ36nIg
The next president should sweat the details on policy—because it's not just a detail when it's your child. https://t.co/oQNlOd5bcX
Want to know if Donald Trump is lying? Just Google it. https://t.co/Ujm9H1Sha9
Watch Hillary's full remarks at the #AlSmithDinner. https://t.co/Dkb2CfpQBL
"I believe that for each of us, our greatest monument on this earth won’t be what we build, but the lives we touch." —Hillary #AlSmithDinner
“We need to get better at finding ways to disagree on matters of policy, while agreeing on questions of decency.” #AlSmithDinner
"I said no to some jokes that I thought were over the line, but I suppose you can judge for yourself on Wikileaks in the next few days."
"I’ve had to listen to Donald Trump for 3 full debates…I have now stood next to Donald Trump longer than any of his campaign managers."
"It is great, also, to see Mayor Bloomberg here. It’s a shame he’s not speaking tonight. I’m curious to hear what a billionaire has to say."
"This dinner brings together a collection of sensible, committed, mainstream Republicans, or, as we now call them: Hillary supporters."
"Donald, I did enjoy listening to your speech…I’m sure I’ll enjoy listening to Mike Pence deny you ever gave it." —Hillary #AlSmithDinner
"It’s amazing that I’m up here after Donald. I didn’t think he’d be OK with a peaceful transition of power." —Hillary at the #AlSmithDinner
"This is such a special event that I took a break from my rigorous nap schedule to be here." —Hillary #AlSmithDinner
Watch Hillary speak live at the #AlSmithDinner in New York City: https://t.co/yuy57F9LFz
Between the three presidential debates, Trump told roughly one lie for every 50 seconds he spoke. https://t.co/FbhB0zDkyj
“Hope is what drives Hillary...it is why she has spent her life fighting for kids who need a champion.” —@FLOTUS https://t.co/jR5GULGJGu
"In difficult times, we don't give up, we don't discard our highest ideals, we rise up to meet them." —@FLOTUS
"We cannot let anyone take away our hope.
We cannot let anyone silence our voices.
Because we know that every vote matters."
—@FLOTUS
"You do not try to keep American democracy in 'suspense.’ Too many people have fought and marched and died for this democracy.” —@FLOTUS
"When you hear folks...saying this election is 'rigged,' understand that they are trying to get you to stay home." —@FLOTUS
"Hillary has comprehensive policies to help people. Her opponent has tweets.

You decide.” —@FLOTUS
"When you're president...knowing what you're doing is a good thing.

And Hillary Clinton absolutely knows what she's doing." —@FLOTUS
"If you're a young person worried about affording college, [Hillary] has a plan to make your education tuition-free." —@FLOTUS
"Hillary knows that our country is powerful and vibrant and strong—big enough to have a place for all of us." —@FLOTUS
"He demeans and humiliates women as if we're objects...rather than human beings worthy of love and respect." —@FLOTUS on Trump
"He thinks we should be afraid of our Muslim brothers and sisters—because he has no idea who they really are." —@FLOTUS on Trump
"Our hope is grounded in hard work and hard-earned faith...that we are all precious and worthy, no matter where we come from." —@FLOTUS
"In this race, we have a candidate whose vision for our country is completely and utterly lacking in hope." —@FLOTUS on Trump
"Decent men do not demean women, and we shouldn't tolerate this behavior from any man, let alone a man who wants to be president." —@FLOTUS
With just 19 days left in this campaign, @FLOTUS hits the trail for Hillary in Arizona. Watch live → https://t.co/D8ELAkkMcd
"You wanna give me a good send off? Go knock on some doors.” —@POTUS: https://t.co/iWKBODJGCy
"Progress is on the ballot.
Civility is on the ballot.
Tolerance is on the ballot.”
—@POTUS

Go vote: https://t.co/tTgeqy51PU
"Donald Trump doesn’t have anything to offer but anger, and grievance, and blame.” —@POTUS
"Don’t fall for the easy cynicism that your vote doesn’t matter…that’s what Hillary's opponent wants you to think.” —@POTUS
"When you try to sow the seeds of doubt in people's minds about the legitimacy of our elections—then that undermines our democracy." —@POTUS
"Go to https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm because...there’s only one way we lose this election, just one: if we don’t turn out to vote.” —@POTUS
"You're OK with your nominee having a bromance with Putin?" —@POTUS to the GOP
“A dangerous con artist who has spent a career sticking it to working people.” —@POTUS quoting Marco Rubio on Trump
"She's got the temperament, the knowledge, the steady hand to be the next Commander-in-Chief.” —@POTUS on Hillary
"Don't boo, vote! Booing doesn't do any good. Vote, and get your friends to vote.” —@POTUS https://t.co/tTgeqy51PU
"She gets the job done, and she never, ever, ever quits. And that's why I know she can be a great president.” —@POTUS on Hillary
"Even in the middle of crisis, she is calm and cool and collected.” —@POTUS on Hillary
"All that progress is at stake if we don't do the right thing over these last 19 days." —@POTUS https://t.co/a5j8nqYXia
Watch live: @POTUS hits the campaign trail for Hillary in Miami. https://t.co/lFWJRhSouE
We counted: Over the last three presidential debates, Donald Trump told 137 lies. 

Hillary still won all three. https://t.co/FbhB0zUVpR
This #SpiritDay, let's take a stand for LGBT youth and send a clear message to all our kids: In the end, bullies always lose. -H https://t.co/sNuoXZYfZr
At last night's debate, Trump showed again and again that he doesn't have a clue about what makes America great. https://t.co/r5oDWYARU6
"Hillary...crushed Donald Trump in the most effective series of debate performances in modern political history." https://t.co/xlGor2ZAYQ
Show Trump his tweets come at a cost—because Hillary supporters are pledging to donate every time he tweets: https://t.co/pvjn5Fnkxu https://t.co/bT0QMDrpn9
Our democracy is built on fair elections and peaceful transfer of power. Trump can't threaten that just because he can't handle reality. https://t.co/hOG0VealI5
While Hillary was monitoring the raid on Osama bin Laden, Trump was hosting "the Apprentice" (which didn't win an Emmy). https://t.co/hD2B9THOj6
Trump wouldn't say if he'll accept the outcome of the election. That’s horrifying—but part of a pattern. https://t.co/OrT9W4bSGW
Donald Trump wants to compare his last 30 years with Hillary's. Let's do that. https://t.co/Ioq7UDhTCt
It's appalling that a presidential nominee of a major party is undermining the pillar of our democracy—just because he hates losing. https://t.co/ZQhoighCAl
"I'm happy to compare my 30 years of experience with your 30 years." —Hillary to Trump #DebateNight https://t.co/TwOpwfFUZ5
That feeling when you win three straight debates. #DebateNight https://t.co/KlH090F57W
3/3. #SheWon https://t.co/jMIDESup7K
If you think #SheWon, chip in $5 before the midnight FEC deadline: https://t.co/3U33mS9tYL #DebateNight
20 days left. Let's win this.

Make your custom video to show the world why you believe that #LoveTrumpsHate: https://t.co/QQBKlxyU4D
We are about to elect a president—and only one candidate tonight showed she has what it takes. Chip in now: https://t.co/dFFICBH9K5 #SheWon
"Nobody respects women more than me." —Donald Trump earlier tonight

"Such a nasty woman." —Donald Trump just now #DebateNight
No, you didn't. https://t.co/EM31nVvh59 #DebateNight https://t.co/wZkBTTuq3M
What he said. #DebateNight https://t.co/58lB3k10v4
"Google it." —Hillary https://t.co/2kptvkpqxn #DebateNight
If Donald is going to whine before the game is even over, he doesn’t have what it takes to do this job. #DebateNight
Every time things aren’t going his way, Donald Trump says it’s “rigged.” #DebateNight https://t.co/QuxoTiAXM1
Trump on losing the Emmy tonight: "I should've won." #DebateNight

Trump on losing the Emmy in 2012, 2013, and 2014: https://t.co/EQsmBStnC0
“It’s not just about women—[Trump] never apologizes or says he’s sorry for anything.” —Hillary #DebateNight https://t.co/b1FuQDuBrO
Here's how Trump reacts when he loses an Emmy, the Iowa caucus, a primary, and polls. So yeah, he seems fit for the presidency. #DebateNight https://t.co/1LGEbOtuhA
We have undocumented immigrants in America who are paying more federal income tax than a so-called billionaire. #DebateNight
Donald thinks belittling women makes him a bigger man. It just makes him a bully. #DebateNight
In 2005, Hillary co-sponsored a bill to raise the minimum wage. Trump...did this. https://t.co/iWBGoGigg4 #DebateNight https://t.co/0kKE76KJrZ
In 1995, Hillary declared that "women's rights are human rights." Trump lost nearly a billion dollars. https://t.co/LDSEg0ezDV #DebateNight https://t.co/cRoM5xJsCt
In 2011, Hillary advised @POTUS on the mission to take out bin Laden. Trump was on the Apprentice. https://t.co/4GkCy4cU9q #DebateNight https://t.co/UqU8ULQZgo
.@TheEconomist ranked Donald Trump and his economic policies as tied for 4th among the greatest risks to the world economy. #DebateNight https://t.co/dWTsvcA47n
Terrifying. #DebateNight https://t.co/f14hmRUkkr
It's been four minutes. Donald Trump could have launched a nuclear weapon by now. #DebateNight https://t.co/vDvFPTKzI0
When the president gives the order to launch a nuclear weapon, that’s it. The officer has to launch. It can take as little as four minutes.
"Vladimir Putin...isn't my best friend." —Donald Trump #DebateNight https://t.co/sMlHIuxvYx
It's pretty clear that Vladimir Putin would rather have a puppet in the White House than a president. #DebateNight
Trump's major policy proposal is to "build a wall" and have Mexico pay for it. He choked. Enough said. #DebateNight https://t.co/TakOp35wZl
We are not going to build a wall and deport 16 million people. That's not happening. #DebateNight
"Hombres"? #DebateNight
Trump doesn't know what he's talking about when it comes to women's health. He shouldn't be making the decisions. #DebateNight
This was not actually a hard question.

"I strongly support Roe v. Wade." —Hillary #DebateNight
"I see no conflict in saving people’s lives and defending the 2nd Amendment." #DebateNight https://t.co/SCWq1z3m6C
The Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people, not on the side of the powerful and wealthy. https://t.co/A9Q1R3xWrm
This election is over in 20 days—but the decision we make will affect our country for generations.  #DebateNight https://t.co/SfQM2FdOAr
#DebateNight https://t.co/CkUnCp2o0F
Got her back? #DebateNight https://t.co/GpNCJMEOGM
Can you say you stepped up when it counted most? Chip in before tonight's #debate to show you're on Hillary's team: https://t.co/3yjNk7jCv4
When it comes to policy plans, there's no comparing Hillary and Trump. #DebateNight https://t.co/LbSCHp6bNM
Maybe there's a reason Donald Trump refuses to release a real plan to combat ISIS. #Debate https://t.co/5cEorgljt3
Trump says disqualifying things almost every day—but his policy "plans" matter too. We put them next to Hillary's: https://t.co/mfSjPAEuwD
In 1994, Ryan Moore made an impression on First Lady Hillary Clinton—and she him: "She has helped make me into the person I am today." https://t.co/sww851xaO1
When there are no ceilings, the sky's the limit. https://t.co/u72wraOmhX https://t.co/a5BnlRg0sF
Do your part to hold Donald Trump to the truth. Follow @TheBriefing2016 during tonight's debate for live fact-checking. #Debates
If this man's resume landed on your desk, would you hire him for anything? https://t.co/y8mWl3kkXe
Spoiler alert: He was actually wrong. #Debate https://t.co/EVaiJio993
A #debate preview that says it all. https://t.co/vnn4VMByLB
Donald Trump is good at one thing—driving his companies into the ground.

And now he wants the keys to the U.S. economy. https://t.co/URYyb3mZzy
A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons. https://t.co/YZJvqHDkkq
On November 9, what kind of world do you want to wake up in? https://t.co/nN0EN1MFpd
Even if Trump's bullying, bigotry, and misogyny weren't disqualifying, his policies would be. https://t.co/9WyNBzycQc
Check out our new tool: Every time @realDonaldTrump tweets something offensive, automatically donate. https://t.co/6pWTY4BPhY
Trump reportedly asked this about nuclear weapons: "If we have them, why can't we use them?"

We can't let him become president. https://t.co/iP0GDXnIVJ
Grateful to everyone who performed and turned out at #BroadwayForHillary. A great reminder about how important it is to vote. -H https://t.co/f4T0LFgAuw
Ryan talks about living with a disability—and befriending Hillary back in 1994: "She looks at me the way I always wanted to be looked at." https://t.co/Izo9yaXOHv
The fate of the Supreme Court hinges on the choice we make in 21 days. Here's what's at stake: https://t.co/5fbqR2mDy2
Automatically donate every time Trump tweets something offensive with our new tool: https://t.co/XcTt51uKsd https://t.co/WPM1I9yeVv
"In the quiet moments backstage or at the end of a long day, I find myself thinking about my mother." https://t.co/hTXYl34p8P https://t.co/ofpmc61ohu
Carter.
Bush.
Clinton.
Bush.
Obama.

Not one of them believes Donald Trump has what it takes to be president. https://t.co/PJSn0KxJPj
“Two words give us hope: Madam President." —@VogueMagazine in its first presidential endorsement https://t.co/2xBHFpChFu
Ryan talks about living with a disability—and befriending Hillary back in 1994: "She looks at me the way I always wanted to be looked at." https://t.co/vJ3E2Jzfaj
Our metric for success should be how many kids can go as far as their dreams and hard work will take them. https://t.co/e2VOrqh2gi
Two maps that show why no one can afford to stay home on Election Day. https://t.co/fenfom4oPl
Our progress is on the ballot.
Tolerance is on the ballot.
Democracy is on the ballot.

Make a plan to vote: https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/n1DcoEYIPe
When Hillary learned that the families of the fallen were only promised $12,000 in benefits, she took action. https://t.co/z9YFcTwYEv
"She’s a tested, unshakable leader." —@LasVegasSun endorsing Hillary: https://t.co/8Px21Dz3sx
Election Day is almost here. Make a plan to join your friends and millions across the country to vote on November 8: https://t.co/eebvYK5Fsi https://t.co/tXgpMm4EtK
Don't forget, Florida: Your voter registration deadline is tomorrow, 10/18 at 5pm ET. Make sure you're registered at https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/lfdJnHOLdm
We have an important job for lawyers and law students—but not actors. Sorry, @MrJoshCharles. Text LAWYERS to 47246 to get started. https://t.co/PsonWTpd4C
Barack Obama’s greatest strength? “Probably that I’m always early.” https://t.co/3TKJ4H68Kz https://t.co/wYVh8AgHGt
We can't let Donald Trump bully his way to the presidency. https://t.co/WPLMpkLFYS
Only 71 left! Hurry and save $10 on the Art of Politics tote here: https://t.co/28PCWA4QVZ https://t.co/iV1OowtWAe
There are a lot of bullies in this world. The last thing we need is one in the White House. https://t.co/M0owOglPjy
Photos that help remind us that this election is about building a country we can all be proud of—together. https://t.co/IfICuWqDgL
We make our country greater when we widen the circle of opportunity and invite more people in: https://t.co/YSML4WNW9C https://t.co/UdljeEk9Ri
When Trump and Pence attack Planned Parenthood, they're attacking millions of Americans. https://t.co/9xsaHAjAZO
The attack on the Orange County HQ @NCGOP office is horrific and unacceptable. Very grateful that everyone is safe.
Where does Trump get his talking points from? Often this alt-right conspiracy theorist, Alex Jones. (Watch all the way to the end.) https://t.co/87zLGAbvyG
From birth control to cancer screenings, Planned Parenthood has provided care for millions. That's worth celebrating—and protecting. https://t.co/17OuL7x4vA
It is our obligation as Americans to dig deep in doing whatever we can to build the kind of future we want for ourselves—and our children. https://t.co/vIHdLeFLzt
When we all show up on November 8, we'll secure @POTUS's legacy and build on our progress: https://t.co/tTgeqy51PU https://t.co/SSqkG4SxLh
Colin knows Hillary—not as first lady, secretary of state, or senator—but as his mom's best friend. Read his letter: https://t.co/MeqyAXQocS
A conversation with Hillary's best friend Betsy about breakups, prom dates, and skateboards: https://t.co/fXiEv1GW1L
"If we keep at it the way Hillary has kept at it decade after decade, progress happens." —@POTUS https://t.co/pNsmg4T4H4
This election will have record turnout, because voters see through Trump’s shameful attempts to undermine it just weeks before it happens. https://t.co/MbLgDnvxGU
Chip in now to get your free sticker, inspired by @FLOTUS: https://t.co/r6GJ3jExd7
On Election Day, let's show what it means to be stronger together: https://t.co/tTgeqy51PU https://t.co/2F5bBWirme
"It’s time to fight back against Donald Trump &amp; deport his presidential dreams to the dustbin of history." —@Latina https://t.co/PvF1nPgK9q
"Don't fall for the easy cynicism that says your vote doesn't matter...Your vote matters." —@POTUS https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/9geAWFLPHy
"I'm going to be the voice of the voiceless." —Gwen Carr, mother of Eric Garner, on her work to reform policing practices https://t.co/vU2PWmIRDG
We need end-to-end reform in our criminal justice system. Not half measures, but full measures: https://t.co/hLzeJhgKSh https://t.co/KoOsK8wRnn
We've come too far to turn back now. Make sure you're registered to vote: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/MVqZYXuA5c
It's incomprehensible that our laws would protect gun makers over Sandy Hook families. We need to fix this. https://t.co/96uBe92wPi
We couldn't be more lucky to have someone with Anne's talent and experience out on the campaign trail. https://t.co/hux2fvnPCF
Meet six-year-old Jaylon and his mom—residents of Flint, Michigan, and friends of Hillary's: https://t.co/jMYzbjgi69
"We are Black, we are proud, and here’s why we are working to elect Hillary." @HFA staffers on why they're with her: https://t.co/k4vUgIVqhM https://t.co/vEqIo3APBP
One adviser called Hillary's efforts to get kids health insurance a "one-woman army inside the White House." https://t.co/TyaMQGNZ7w
"Everyone knows how bright she is and how resilient she is, but...they're going to see how much she cares." —@JoeBiden https://t.co/QYF2Ewy55Y
"All the progress we've made these last 8 years is on the ballot." —@POTUS

Make sure you're ready to vote: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
"Donald Trump’s closing argument is, ‘What do you have to lose?’

The answer is everything.” —@POTUS https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
"You have a chance to reject the politics of fear. You can lift up again the politics of hope.” —@POTUS https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
"Change is possible, but it doesn’t just depend on one person—it depends on all of us.” —@POTUS https://t.co/iWKBOE1i18 #StrongerTogether
"She knows that in a democracy as big and diverse as this, we can't demonize each other.” —@POTUS on Hillary
"He may be up at 3am, but it’s because he’s tweeting insults at somebody who got under his skin.” —@POTUS on Trump
“She's got the knowledge and experience and the temperament to be the next Commander-in-Chief.” —@POTUS on Hillary
"She's in the arena for you, fighting every day to make sure everybody gets a fair shake.” —@POTUS on Hillary
"Hillary is one of the smartest, toughest, best-prepared, most experienced candidates to ever run for this job.” —@POTUS
"You can go vote early right now. Early voting started on Wednesday...go to https://t.co/NMfdtl5Szg." —@POTUS in Ohio
What's "smart" about not funding America's military, schools, or health care for kids? https://t.co/whcL5OfeaW
"If you vote for someone other than Hillary—or if you don't vote at all—then you are helping to elect her opponent." —@FLOTUS https://t.co/KNVEzwjPaT
"If we let Hillary's opponent win this election, then we are sending a clear message to our kids." —@FLOTUS https://t.co/tTgeqy51PU https://t.co/wU4W9Dh9u8
"We can save our planet while creating millions of clean energy jobs." —Hillary

Here's how: https://t.co/NynHbi0UsK https://t.co/xyhWMFRN6c
Six reasons you need to vote, courtesy of @FLOTUS. https://t.co/LbjrZiLL3C https://t.co/vLZBKik1IC
Thank you, @FLOTUS. https://t.co/njbmWdvjtv
"Nobody can fully know what it’s like to manage a global crisis…but I tell you nobody’s been closer to those decisions than Hillary” —@POTUS https://t.co/SxqWmroTzm
.@FLOTUS just gave one of the most powerful and emotional speeches of this election. Read it here: https://t.co/UOGn3MlxVv
"I would like to extend my warmest congratulations to António Guterres on his appointment as the next Secretary-General of the @UN." https://t.co/2pol1qs2cb
Every minute of Michelle Obama’s 30 minute speech today is worth watching. https://t.co/ZlEX3YaU6a
.@FLOTUS, I'm in awe. Thanks for putting into words what's in so many of our hearts. -H
"Ms. Clinton will prove a worthy example to girls who celebrate the election of America’s first female president.” https://t.co/Fo7uO64qqB
"Now is the time for all of us to stand up and say enough is enough. This has got to stop right now." —@FLOTUS on Trump https://t.co/AGHzMF5d7J
“In difficult times, we don’t discard our highest ideals, we rise up to meet them.” —@FLOTUS
"On November 8, we can show our children that we reject hatred and fear.” —@FLOTUS: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/0pnvt9gqM9
"If we have a president who...brags about sexually assaulting women, then how can we maintain our moral authority in the world?" —@FLOTUS
"Remember, when they go low, we go high.” —@FLOTUS: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
"We as women have all the power we need to determine the outcome of this election.” —@FLOTUS https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
"No one could be more qualified for this job than Hillary, no one.” —@FLOTUS
"Now is the time for all of us to stand up and say, enough is enough.” —@FLOTUS on Trump https://t.co/rLgM6tYu8V
“Hillary Clinton has never quit on anything in her life.” —@FLOTUS
“Strong men, men who are truly role models, don’t need to put down women to make themselves feel powerful.” —@FLOTUS
"The men in my life do not talk about women like this, and I know that my family is not unusual.” —@FLOTUS
“To dismiss this as everyday ‘locker room talk’ is an insult to decent men everywhere.” —@FLOTUS
"This was not just 'locker room banter.' This was a powerful individual speaking freely &amp; openly about predatory behavior” —@FLOTUS on Trump
“I can’t believe I’m saying a candidate for president of the United States has bragged about sexually assaulting women.” —@FLOTUS
“The measure of any society is how it treats its women and girls.” —@FLOTUS https://t.co/SwCSNpqfJ2
.@FLOTUS is in New Hampshire talking about what's at stake in this election. Watch live: https://t.co/NLhXJtQYOj
“We cannot afford to squander this opportunity, particularly given the alternative.” —@FLOTUS: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/tlrevPnqw1
Today marks 241 years of service and sacrifice from the @USNavy. To all sailors serving, past and present, and their families—thank you.
"Hillary Clinton has the potential to be an excellent president of the United States." —@WashingtonPost https://t.co/Fo7uO64qqB
"Can I just say, I am really into electing Hillary Clinton.” —@POTUS: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/CHAbLbmESN
https://t.co/4RVbA6X0BJ
We have to win this election.
If we unite together, we will rise together. https://t.co/t6vQBNgWko
From rivals to colleagues to friends. Hillary and @POTUS, in photos: https://t.co/vOahLgn8AZ
"The best choice, without a doubt, is Hillary Clinton." —@SLTrib endorsing Hillary https://t.co/BCKVKCUzDz
“We need to show each other more kindness and support. The last thing we need in our country is more bullies.” —Hillary
“I’m going to double the child tax credit—that’s another $1,000 for young kids to pay for the things you need.” https://t.co/lrVTNbd0zf
Go to https://t.co/VkVm51nWIY to see how much you and your family could save under Hillary’s student debt plan.
“If he wants to make America great again, start by making America with American steel.” —Hillary on Trump using Chinese steel
“We’ve got to get the economy working for everybody, not just those at the top.” —Hillary https://t.co/GuEupxMKKY
“I want every boy and girl to know, the American Dream is big enough for you. And there is a place in America for you.” —Hillary in Colorado
“I want to be the president, yes, for Democrats, but also for Republicans and Independents.” —Hillary in Colorado #StrongerTogether
“We expect record numbers of people to vote in this presidential election.” —Hillary

Make sure you're one of them: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
27 days to go &amp; Hillary’s hitting the trail in Colorado. Watch live: https://t.co/SS7vzl6huI

And register to vote: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
Florida, good news! Your voter registration deadline is extended to Tuesday, October 18 at 5pm ET. Forms must be postmarked by October 18. https://t.co/HSKXlZJubH
Comparing 30 years of public service with…Trump. https://t.co/bNlSN29OZQ
"We don't disrespect women in our locker rooms." —@KingJames https://t.co/JPJF8W17qu
Progress is on the ballot. https://t.co/tTgeqy51PU https://t.co/6zg9Lr2wJJ
In 2001, Hillary worked to support and rebuild New York after 9/11. Trump pocketed emergency funds for himself. https://t.co/ReT7G28jJX https://t.co/4h7spzSZae
If Trump wants to compare what he and Hillary have done for the last 30 years, by all means: https://t.co/5A6FafMVW0 https://t.co/4KsiPOBibW
"The Dispatch urges voters to elect Hillary Clinton." —@DispatchAlerts https://t.co/nR8Eo57KVr #OHVotesEarly
Here are some things we’ve both done over the last 30 years: https://t.co/TCinWEk4mt https://t.co/aXtUzLRYIn
"You want to give me a good send-off? Go vote!" —@POTUS: https://t.co/tTgeqy51PU https://t.co/ESQkLV2yaJ
At the debate, the impeccably dressed Ken Bone asked a great question about meeting our energy needs. Hillary’s response: https://t.co/iaT5yVYW7K
Lots of states have registration deadlines today—and she's counting on you to turn out on November 8. https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/Dxs31qKjTb
“It might seem like a very small thing, but these small policies matter.” —@LaverneCox on Hillary improving passport gender identity policy https://t.co/zk0G3ZyjxJ
LGBT kids are perfect exactly the way they are. #BornPerfect https://t.co/FFylqTxG5b
We have a choice between taking serious steps to combat climate change—and refusing to admit it even exists. https://t.co/aqfTlNWen5
Trump "doesn't have the temperament or the judgment...or the basic honesty that a president needs to have" —@POTUS: https://t.co/To8oTTsBcX
Hillary just introduced a new plan to help lift families with children out of poverty: https://t.co/lrVTNbd0zf
G’mar chatima tova to those celebrating #YomKippur. Wishing you a meaningful day and an easy fast. -H
If you’re able, chip in to help the families affected by Hurricane Matthew: https://t.co/GLfx0zJkcb -H
I’m really concerned for North and South Carolinians dealing with such dangerous flooding. Please heed the latest warnings &amp; stay safe. -H
"I often think of that moment when we both came out to each other: me as a gay woman and Hillary as my ally." —Mira https://t.co/iMUVHVIPKA
The violence transgender Americans face—particularly transgender women of color—is a rebuke to all of us. We have to do better. https://t.co/2ZZat8V1Yl
"Take it from me, your vote can make all the difference in this election.” —@AlGore

Text CLIMATE to 47246 to make sure you're registered.
“Elections have consequences. Your vote counts. Your vote has consequences.” —@AlGore https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
"Hillary Clinton will make solving the climate crisis a top national priority.” —@AlGore
We need to elect people up and down the ballot, at every level of government, who take climate change seriously and are ready to take it on.
The Paris Climate Agreement is our last, best chance to solve the climate crisis.

Donald Trump wants to cancel it. https://t.co/Z6Gt7D2YuP
"The clean energy superpower of the 21st century is probably going to be Germany, China, or us—and I want it to be us." —Hillary in Miami
The choice we face on climate change. https://t.co/ZbNvMcFwyr
FACT: The Pentagon has identified climate change as a threat to America’s national security.
At this rate, 1 in 8 homes in Florida could be underwater by the end of the century, when kids born today are grandparents.
We've always had destructive hurricanes, but Hurricane Matthew was likely more destructive because of climate change.
Our next president will either step up our efforts to address climate change or drag us backward and put our whole future at risk.
“Climate change is real, it’s urgent, and America can take the lead in the world in addressing it.” —Hillary in Miami
Hillary and @AlGore are live from Miami speaking about why we have to act on climate change. Watch live: https://t.co/GFyG79BkEw
Many states have voter registration deadlines today. Don't sit out—make sure you're registered to vote: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
Coming out often takes incredible courage. On #NationalComingOutDay, let's honor that courage by showing LGBT Americans we're with them. https://t.co/LBhyK1Ounm
Every girl—in every country—deserves to get an education and reach her dreams. Thank you, @FLOTUS. https://t.co/1KhjnUAtLl #DayoftheGirl
The choice on climate change:
Hillary has a plan to turn America into a clean energy superpower.
Trump calls it a "Chinese hoax." https://t.co/XbDtg4SWEi
18,000 strong turned out in Columbus last night. Make sure you and your friends register and turn out to vote: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/22t0OtN5or
Every single American deserves full equality under our laws—no matter who you are or who you love. #NationalComingOutDay https://t.co/clQIZsXcyk
"We urge voters to dump Trump and choose the clearly qualified candidate in this race: Hillary Clinton” —@DenverPost https://t.co/x62lrGm1MB
Does Trump have the discipline to be a good leader? You decide. https://t.co/KfdtXNeFfE
Thinking of my friend and outstanding public servant Brooklyn DA Ken Thompson, who passed away yesterday. My prayers are with his family. -H https://t.co/c0KWMtrvyz
"Trump is the worst major-party candidate this republic has ever produced." —@ForeignPolicy https://t.co/UdsK7rdqAy
It'd been 100 years since @DispatchAlerts endorsed a Democrat for president—until now: https://t.co/nR8Eo57KVr
We counted all the times Donald Trump lied in last night’s debate so you didn’t have to. https://t.co/kHkzkVkfmv
.@ForeignPolicy has never endorsed a candidate for political office.

Until now: https://t.co/UdsK7rdqAy
Trump owes the country an apology for all of the horrible things he's said. It's time for him to take responsibility for his words. https://t.co/APm5oylLWj
Never heard of a “blue collar worker” losing nearly $1 billion in a year and cheating hundreds of other workers in the process. https://t.co/ln1cqSnoTV
Six moments from last night's debate that prove Trump is totally unfit to be president. https://t.co/folGdwMZru
It’s easy to get cynical about politics, but that’s what the other side wants you to feel.

Prove them wrong: https://t.co/u72wraOmhX
"We’re going to make public colleges like Wayne State tuition-free for working families.” —Hillary in Detroit https://t.co/P5fIYT0kHQ
Donald Trump actually stood on a debate stage and said wages in America are too high.
If Trump wants to make America great again, he should start by buying American steel for his construction projects.
Here in America, we are taught to and we should respect each other, lift each other up, and celebrate our diversity.
“Last night, Donald Trump spent his time attacking when he should have been apologizing.” —Hillary
"To paraphrase my friend Michelle Obama, one of us went high and one of us went low!” —Hillary on last night’s debate
Just 29 days left until Election Day. Join Hillary for her first stop since last night's debate → https://t.co/Tixbe3rsFN
43 times Donald Trump lied—or was just totally wrong—on the debate stage last night: https://t.co/yG2IVPEvpK
Hillary's been fighting for kids and families her entire career—and that's the experience she'll take to the White House. https://t.co/5RPwwDhJCh
He went low; she went high. https://t.co/DBquZmsaQl
Ryan is still endorsing Trump. https://t.co/L30EZvUbm0
Trump lost last night's debate before he even took the stage, and it only got worse from there. https://t.co/GTZvkLzQRb
"Only one candidate on the ballot Nov. 8 belongs anywhere near the White House, and it’s Hillary." —@BostonGlobe https://t.co/oQs70AlmQq
If Trump stands by what he said about women as “locker room talk,” he's clearly not sorry. https://t.co/Uhw4795mA9
Tonight, Trump dismissed his comments about groping women as "locker room talk."

But words matter. https://t.co/u4wo2Leyol
She won. https://t.co/b8lLNPWUiM #Debate https://t.co/C4MP8cPONF
Hillary won tonight. Chip in to help her win on November 8th: https://t.co/b8lLNPWUiM #Debate
Trump talks tough on trade and Chinese steel hurting American workers—but he bought Chinese steel for two of his last three buildings.
The next president could appoint up to three Supreme Court justices.

Will they protect Americans' rights, or corporations'? #debate
Many people are saying Donald Trump doesn't have the discipline, temperament, or vision to be president. #debate
You did, in fact, say this. #debate https://t.co/WURWs6aJ5f
"I will be a president for all of the people." —Donald Trump*

*Except women, people of color, LGBT people, Muslims... #Debate
"I know more about ISIS than the generals." —Donald Trump, who clearly doesn't. #debate
Four hundred pieces of legislation have Hillary Clinton's name on them.

How many has Donald Trump passed? #debate
Trump: "Health care—why didn't she do something about it?"

Here's Hillary in 1993, testifying for health care reform. #debate https://t.co/hy9PoHbwKB
Trump would give millionaires (like him) and billionaires the biggest tax cuts they’ve ever had. #Debate https://t.co/0HKJYTAdhz
Trump has gotten one thing right about the economy. #debate https://t.co/9MZcuwwDp5
Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. https://t.co/sSYRYr6xrG #debate
Ask yourself: Do you want the guy who lost a billion dollars in one year—running a casino!—to run the U.S. economy? #debate
The same guy who probably didn't pay federal taxes for 18 years is OK raising taxes on millions in the middle-class. Sound right to you?
"Almost every foreign policy decision [Trump] makes will raise serious conflicts of interest." —@kurteichenwald https://t.co/rmTos7en9t
Donald Trump was not against the war in Iraq. #debate https://t.co/bXwhbDrVoc
Our vision for America is a country where everyone has a place, including, of course, Muslim Americans. #Debate https://t.co/rcu3nLvpTQ
The vast majority of Muslim Americans want to help fight terrorism. We are not at war with Islam.

Trump is playing into terrorists' hands.
"You are right about Islamophobia, and it's a shame." —Donald Trump, who proposed a ban on Muslims entering the U.S. https://t.co/4xDbrBtVjt
Americans deserve a real plan to expand access to health care and get costs down. https://t.co/6J5vpfTxhs #debate
If Hillary tried to fact-check Donald in real time, she wouldn't have time for anything else. So, here: https://t.co/NLPH8sbAGn #debate
Trump owes President Obama an apology for his years-long racist conspiracy. 

And by the way: "Sorry if you were offended" doesn't count.
Mocking a disabled reporter. Attacking a Gold Star family. Insulting a judge. Trump has never apologized—because that's just who Trump is.
“I want to send a message: America is already great, but we are great because we are good.” #Debate https://t.co/Wt3N4eF5gY
Trump has said that the video doesn't represent who he is. Anyone who heard it knows it's exactly who he is.

But that's not who we are.
"I have great respect for women." —@realDonaldTrump, who said all of these things. #Debate https://t.co/BsW2pUz0hC
We are going to respect each other, lift each other up, and celebrate our diversity. #Debate #StrongerTogether https://t.co/M6vKxhwPWZ
If we work together—if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another—there's nothing we can't do. #Debate
Let's go. #Debate https://t.co/HD3ZVJ9xl8
Fighting for all the good she can, in all the ways she can, for as long as ever she can. #Debate https://t.co/0I9JI4BYEy
If you've got Hillary's back, tonight is the night to show it. Chip in before the debate to say you're with her: https://t.co/SZhWAP0riK
Remember. #Debate https://t.co/rlMbTt5WwY
Get all the latest updates from tonight's debate straight to your phone. #Debate https://t.co/R4HPhwxx2O
At tonight's debate, Janelle will be in the audience cheering on her friend, Hillary. #Debate https://t.co/wdBlj2HLAH
It's time to hold Trump accountable to the facts. Follow @TheBriefing2016 during tonight's debate to help spread the word. #Debates
"We urge voters to dump Trump and choose the clearly qualified candidate in this race: Hillary Clinton” —@DenverPost https://t.co/bpbgC5VhYV
Saddened by the passing of Choco Meza, a historic figure in Texas politics &amp; beloved friend on our team. My prayers are with her family. -H https://t.co/hxKzMnXctV
“The choice that you make, that we make, will determine the direction of this country for a long time." —@POTUS: https://t.co/tTgeqy51PU https://t.co/gc5lNunLjS
If you read one thing before tonight's debate, make it this: https://t.co/PjyLJnfQrG
"This is a woman who really does care." https://t.co/FFv9AuXX5b
Here's what you need to know about early voting and absentee ballots: https://t.co/UESLyG1aix
Targeting police officers with violence is unacceptable. My heart breaks for the loss these families have suffered. -H https://t.co/RykUVtL8V4
I strongly condemn today's attack in Jerusalem and my prayers go to the victims' families. The terrorists must be brought to justice. -H
Hillary has earned nearly every newspaper endorsement of the general election. Here's why: https://t.co/Nl9hweC8jO
What a woman president would mean to teenage girls: https://t.co/X4kOT0lfv8
"She did everything to make me feel like...I belonged in the White House. Can you imagine? From foster care to the White House." —Shane https://t.co/9cJs13GXRA
"Sometimes the man in the arena, it ain't a man. It is a woman." —@CoryBooker https://t.co/OasacjNNAe
"She doesn't always talk about what drives her. But I've had a chance to see her." —@POTUS https://t.co/jNKTTF6csB
"President Hillary Clinton on her worst day would be so superior to a President Donald Trump on any day." https://t.co/LCnEDJbELT
Chip in to help make sure Donald Trump never becomes president: https://t.co/2FSRCLQhiS https://t.co/0HAfzKmCVd
It should concern every American that Russia is willing to engage in such hostile acts in order to help Donald Trump become president. https://t.co/fwEKWrXKE2
Women have the power to stop Trump.

https://t.co/tTgeqy51PU
https://t.co/VH3woeAf9Q https://t.co/NjvbkPsjPR
The facts are clear: Trump refuses to admit he is wrong on the Central Park jogger case and continues to peddle yet another racist lie. https://t.co/kdt49x7ldx
This is horrific. We cannot allow this man to become president. https://t.co/RwhW7yeFI2
"A woman who expresses her emotions oftentimes is questioned...it's part of the subtle—and not so subtle—biases that we have. —@POTUS https://t.co/1OKoFD1pIh
"It will send a strong and powerful message...that we truly believe in equality." —@RepJohnLewis

Register to vote: https://t.co/tTgeqy51PU https://t.co/wLoKeWaPQD
"Once she was made aware that America had children languishing in foster care...her attitude was: not on my watch." —Shane https://t.co/j78lwmd7p3
To everyone in the path of Hurricane Matthew: Stay safe, and know that America is with you. https://t.co/0KuidMhEHm
When Hillary wanted to make sure every child in Arkansas got a quality education, she did her homework. https://t.co/vKu4XbHG4i
Running for president was a little different back in 1992. https://t.co/tfWQX8qUsI https://t.co/buDdCaL0xv
"Podemos demostrar que somos una comunidad poderosa. We can prove that we are a mighty community." —@SalmaHayek → https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/6eBe5fXQ3n
A lot has changed in the past two and a half decades. But the things we’re fighting for remain the same. https://t.co/k0HVUYEhCI
@leedanielsent Thanks, Lee! Great to have you on this team. -H
"Latinas still make 55 cents for every dollar a white man makes. That’s just totally unacceptable." —Hillary https://t.co/tHzJGDJ74e
Our success isn't measured by the size of our bank accounts or the height of our skyscrapers.
 
It's measured by what we do for kids. https://t.co/9LTwC2YjKb
"Vote!" —@EvaLongoria

Tag a friend who should see this message. https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/YzLwZVgIXu
Born 99 years ago today, civil rights activist Fannie Lou Hamer was a decades-long fighter for universal voting rights and racial justice. https://t.co/TZHirvu7EW
Thanks, @chancetherapper. https://t.co/mU2AspoEOb
Hillary's advice to girls everywhere:

"There's nothing wrong with knowing what you want and going after it." https://t.co/76Ha3wR8lu
Every child, no matter their background or what zip code they live in, has the right to a high-quality education. https://t.co/bmPfuo7CY5
When Trump calls America a "third-world country," you can tell he doesn't do a lot of listening to what's actually happening in America. https://t.co/lwP9bLOQun
"I want a president who stands up against intolerance."

The cast of @EmpireFOX on why they're with Hillary: https://t.co/tTgeqy51PU https://t.co/6q1oEipGEJ
Even Mike Pence can't defend Donald Trump's insult-driven campaign. https://t.co/iJVFlrSHBq
"On every issue, Hillary Clinton is the superior candidate. Hands down." —@BernieSanders: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/nUfJjV0QvS
Hurricane #Matthew is a major storm. I urge everyone to follow emergency instructions and evacuate if you're told to. Stay safe Florida. -H https://t.co/zYgTH1oMbc
“I’m inspired by her heart, her persistence, and her guts.” —@FLOTUS on Hillary: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/vCTqwSuRqp
The many, many lies Mike Pence told at last night's debate. https://t.co/Ro4TkFRAHw
If we had a dollar for every time Mike Pence lied last night, well... https://t.co/3m4kppoh2g
Unfortunately for Mike Pence and Donald Trump, Google exists (and we aren't stupid). https://t.co/dT15XthSSR
“You are more than the way you look.” https://t.co/psJaUgTR2L
We make it almost impossible for too many women to balance work and family. That needs to change: https://t.co/C6549ALwVV https://t.co/nGWxFL0wgd
Great move by Chobani. Every parent deserves access to paid family leave. https://t.co/QhvjjlbznX
"Trump...tarnish[es] almost everyone around him because to work with him, they have to defend the indefensible." https://t.co/rwHb5ri1UU
When pressed about Trump insulting and demonizing Latinos and immigrants, Mike Pence had a...telling response. https://t.co/QREumskeC2
"Pence seemed intent on laying out the case for a Presidential candidacy—his own." https://t.co/l2XSvbvTlT
If by "nonsense" you mean "a cruel and absurd plan that will never happen," we agree. #VPDebate https://t.co/KBU6xJVqh0
Mike Pence's #VPDebate strategy seemed to be "if you close your eyes, Trump doesn't exist." https://t.co/VM4CuglV89
On #WorldTeachersDay, it's not enough to appreciate teachers. We have to support them like America's future is in their hands—because it is. https://t.co/ZE4RNKOdSy
"Can [Pence] look back on the debate as a success after he repeatedly lied in order to run interference for Trump?" https://t.co/rwHb5ri1UU
While millions of families paid their fair share in taxes, it looks like Trump contributed nothing to our military or our schools for years. https://t.co/kjq8e17MqN
It's unclear exactly whom Mike Pence was defending last night, but it sure wasn't Donald Trump. The @NYTimes: https://t.co/zjIh98ur04
"We trust American women." —@TimKaine on a woman's right to abortion https://t.co/8HBMXqa225
.@Time: Why Mike Pence Didn’t Defend Donald Trump https://t.co/l2XSvbvTlT https://t.co/1EbBnZdQnb
10 times Pence shrugged off or straight-up lied about what Trump has said and done at the #VPDebate: https://t.co/IV9uWHLT5x
"Mr. Pence simply ignored the Donald Trump we have seen on the trail for more than a year." —@NYTimes https://t.co/zjIh98ur04
In Mike Pence's defense, we wouldn't want to defend Donald Trump, either. #VPDebate https://t.co/Z2jV6FNzFl
Even Mike Pence couldn’t defend the terrible things Trump’s said and done—so instead, he lied about them. https://t.co/XrNPaOVdm5
At the #VPDebate, Mike Pence tried really, really hard to deny pretty much everything Donald Trump has said and done. Let's replay the tape: https://t.co/5XNKyFX6az
The headline says it all. https://t.co/mMCFxUuwvq #VPdebate
Lucky to have a partner like @TimKaine who stood up for our shared vision tonight—instead of trying to deny it. #VPDebate
Seems like Pence forgot a lot of the things Trump has been saying throughout his campaign! Here to help: https://t.co/NLPH8sbAGn #VPDebate
Couldn't be prouder of @TimKaine. Pitch in $5 now to make sure he becomes our next vice president: https://t.co/VAeZibDu26 #VPDebate
"We trust American women."

Thank you, @TimKaine. #VPDebate
"We support Roe v. Wade. We support the constitutional right of American women to...make their own decision about pregnancy." —@timkaine
The Trump Foundation has spent "virtually every cent on charitable causes." —@mike_pence https://t.co/0upgTLQbA0 #VPDebate https://t.co/oKSMaK23Ld
Actually, @mike_pence, your running mate did say that. https://t.co/qtAiHWDqsr #VPDebate https://t.co/youtybAqic
Tim Kaine is right: We should stop praising Putin. #VPDebate https://t.co/OVMdxGT736
Mike Pence claiming that Trump supports our troops and veterans when he insults them and probably doesn't pay taxes is laughable. #VPDebate
Wonder if Trump has shown Pence his "secret plan" to defeat ISIS. We’re still waiting. #VPDebate https://t.co/zxjpFcmzzf
Yes, Trump and Pence are running an insult-driven campaign.

Donald's literally doing it right now. #VPDebate
https://t.co/VZeBQ85nyH
.@timkaine just reminded Mike Pence of the bigoted things Trump has said about millions of Americans—and Pence couldn't defend it. #VPDebate
Implicit bias is real. It hurts Americans. Anyone who'd outright deny its existence is unfit for the White House. #VPDebate
When Mike Pence says he and Donald Trump won't raise taxes, he's lying. https://t.co/EZhrqmjfOF #VPDebate
"The policies of this administration have driven this economy into a ditch.” —Pence

Nope. #VPDebate https://t.co/nuvHJ8FSoc
Reminder: Donald Trump may not have paid any federal income taxes for 18 years, but wants to give his family a $4 billion tax cut. #VPDebate
If you can't spot the difference between Pence and Trump on their disastrous economic plans, it's because there isn't one. #VPDebate https://t.co/N9n8twzjEt
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine want to build on Obamacare." —Mike Pence

Fact check: True. #VPDebate
The theme of the night: "I can't imagine how Governor Pence can defend...Donald Trump." —@timkaine #VPDebate https://t.co/lbR6kkXcSy
"I can't imagine how Governor Pence can defend the insult-driven, selfish, me-first style of Donald Trump." —@TimKaine #VPDebate
Thanks for the kind words, Mike. #VPDebate https://t.co/DfObNG1PM3
If you're on @TimKaine's team tonight, chip in before the #VPDebate to let him know: https://t.co/7IwGS5Olfw https://t.co/LygySSk4i8
Tonight, Mike Pence is going to prove he's got Trump's back no matter what.

Follow @TheBriefing2016 to hold him accountable. #VPDebate https://t.co/ul72xv07qk
Number of times Trump has tweeted at @Rosie: 65

Number of times Trump has tweeted in support of Mike Pence, his running mate: 21 #VPDebate
.@TimKaine's spent his whole life fighting for working families, so I have no doubt he'll do the same tonight. Go get 'em, Tim. -H
If Trump's decisiveness in choosing Mike Pence as his running mate is any indication, he'll be great at making hard decisions as president. https://t.co/nuqjdkqAEk
Mike Pence has actually signed into law hateful policies like those touted by Donald Trump. https://t.co/0d5C1tBxmc
Before Mike Pence takes the debate stage to defend his running mate, remember the time Trump couldn't decide whether he wanted him at all. https://t.co/DHJ5iibHnP
Post-traumatic stress isn't something strong people can handle &amp; weak people can't.

Trump’s comments aren't just ignorant, they’re harmful.
“I learned that preparation is important.” —Hillary on what she learned by debating Donald Trump
"He was a failure at business…and by wrecking his business, he wrecked the lives of his workers.” —Hillary on Trump
.@TimKaine is going to finish this campaign the same way he started his career—fighting for working families. https://t.co/c2VlpSRaSM
Our veterans and military families deserve better than what Donald Trump says about them. https://t.co/1gbXA2gvas
"Tim is a good man. He’s a true progressive. And he will make a great vice president." —@POTUS on @TimKaine https://t.co/bPBJ4NdCPX
Tonight, Mike Pence will either have to leave Trump out to dry—or try to justify the things they both believe. #VPDebate https://t.co/9PXYCR6zXN
Concerned for the millions of families in Hurricane Matthew's path. You can donate to help those in need here. https://t.co/cZ1mBHhWtD -H
Contributing nothing to our military, public schools, kids' health care, and more doesn't make you "smart." https://t.co/HKAvxfCigr
White people need to empathize and understand what it’s like for black parents to worry about their kids' safety. https://t.co/Qw8r6Aa6C7
Under Hillary’s plan, if your family earns $125,000 or less, you'll be able to go to a public college tuition-free. https://t.co/PSA3wHyHXM
A mother who lost a son to gun violence asked Hillary a question about how we can stop it: https://t.co/3LVV6KSSvO
"We have got to be as clear as possible: You are more than the way you look.” —Hillary to young girls https://t.co/1SCczNmBNT
With 35 days left, Hillary's in PA talking about how she'll help kids and families. Join the conversation live → https://t.co/mxU5zwHHmu
Imagine Donald Trump's most hateful rhetoric signed into law. Mike Pence's record shows that it could happen. https://t.co/MnpZstqYTP
8 things you should know about @TimKaine before tonight's debate. https://t.co/bVPD6d4AD9 #VPDebate
Almost every newspaper that has endorsed a presidential candidate in the general election has endorsed Hillary. https://t.co/Q3k7JqmBsE
"I've known Hillary since September of 1958...we were just thinking of the next Nancy Drew book." —Hillary's lifelong friend, Betsy https://t.co/nVs01awNQ6
Mike Pence: a divisive, anti-woman, anti-LGBT, anti-worker extremist. 

No wonder Trump picked him. #VPDebate https://t.co/icAN1P5DN2
.@TimKaine wears his "F" rating from the @NRA like a badge of honor. https://t.co/baXTptc1OM
We had our best analysts create a calculator to see how much you'd pay in taxes if you paid the same as Trump: https://t.co/BskIktnp3Y
A person who implies that veterans suffering from PTS are not "strong" is unfit to be Commander-in-Chief. Period. https://t.co/Z0WFGWLwqe
"She is far and away the choice for the presidency of the United States in 2016." —@NYDailyNews https://t.co/ocAedXTix2
"Hillary has always been a champion for children and their futures." —@KingJames https://t.co/PcBChoxpf9
Trump’s campaign is bragging that not paying taxes makes him a “genius.” https://t.co/7enA0znwzh
"We both believe every child should have the chance to live up to his or her God-given potential” —Hillary on LeBron https://t.co/PcBChoxpf9
Hillary’s speaking live in Akron, Ohio. Tune in now: https://t.co/oa4NZ1hEHU
It’s Filipino American History Month, so lets honor their many contributions—from serving in WWII to strengthening our labor movement. -H
Veterans who experience PTS are stronger than we'll ever understand. We owe them nothing short of world-class care: https://t.co/skZijed0k3
Trump's child care "plan" is really just a tax cut for the wealthy—while giving working families almost nothing. https://t.co/anjgFfdySG
https://t.co/H2MOa4W86W https://t.co/8ovRZly1r6
No one should have to choose between paying the rent and filling their prescriptions. https://t.co/xaLokyZggT
A Wall Street money manager should not be able to pay a lower tax rate than a teacher or a nurse.
Trump's campaign is bragging that not paying taxes makes him a "genius."

What kind of genius loses $1 billion in a single year?
For years, Trump has been taking from American taxpayers with both hands and giving nothing back. https://t.co/Xbu9LkD89T
“It doesn’t look like he paid a dime of federal income tax for almost two decades.” —Hillary on Trump
Corporations that benefit from all that America has to offer should feel a sense of responsibility toward shareholders AND workers.
Honest work deserves honest pay. Everyone should have the right to join a strong union that will always have your back.
Live from Toledo: Watch Hillary speak on her plan to make the economy work for everyone—not just those at the top. https://t.co/oa4NZ1hEHU
Millions of Americans work hard and pay their taxes. So why doesn't Donald Trump pay his? https://t.co/WLSzIz0ewG
"I knew then that she was destined for great things." An interview with Hillary's lifelong friend, Betsy Ebeling: https://t.co/G8pBAguuha
In one week, Trump has:
✓Lost a debate
✓Attacked a woman at 5 am on Twitter
✓Had his net worth downgraded
and more: https://t.co/HAA0yI9JLl
"Hillary is running on the message of hope and unity that we need." —@KingJames https://t.co/PcBChoxpf9
Can a man who lost $1 billion in one year, stiffed small businesses, and may have paid no taxes really claim he's "good at business"? https://t.co/ZeXgrkJhzj
According to @NYTimes, Trump may contribute less to our military and college students than the undocumented immigrants he wants to deport.
Newspapers that have endorsed @realDonaldTrump:
1. ...
2. ...
3. (Uh, the National Enquirer?) https://t.co/WWNMSZGeFa
"Let's register to vote, show up to the polls, and vote for Hillary Clinton." —@KingJames: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/PcBChoxpf9
Three pages of Trump's tax returns confirm he's a business failure who's gotten rich at your expense. Imagine what he’s hiding in the rest. https://t.co/E3Wt3KRleN
Donald Trump might have gone decades without paying taxes—but he’s not afraid of telling other people to pay theirs. https://t.co/O2FeLvNJGm
"If she gets to be president, she won’t waste a day." —@BillClinton, now playing on With Her at https://t.co/3B2EmK8eDc https://t.co/4Tgow9KeSN
Donald Trump built numerous squandered businesses on the backs of taxpayers—and he hasn't even paid his fair share. https://t.co/z0VopqoiCy
Real change happens when Americans come together to work toward a common goal—we'll make it easier to do that. https://t.co/PIbFMWHFSS
L'Shana Tovah to everyone celebrating Rosh Hashanah! May the coming year be filled with sweetness and joy. -H
“It would be reckless not to consider the damage Mr. Trump might wreak.”—@WashingtonPost: https://t.co/drPNG1ucBX
Reminder: While Trump probably pays no federal taxes, he wants a $4 billion tax break for his own family. https://t.co/T1OAQgo7qq https://t.co/2QDJ7esJix
Now that's pretty rich coming from a guy who paid $0 in taxes for 18 years: https://t.co/N6iaVvbYJQ https://t.co/fc5imqnAi5
Try our new tool! See how much you'd pay in federal income taxes if you paid the same as "billionaire" Donald Trump: https://t.co/CD0yzPDqhw
.@TimKaine's favorite records—and 13 other things you should know about America's next vice president: https://t.co/re60pwBfxc
"We truly are stronger together — and together, we’re going to make history."

A note from Hillary: https://t.co/fPXxghe5dA
Trump "apparently got to avoid paying taxes for nearly two decades—while tens of millions of working families paid theirs." https://t.co/g62jB9fKr5
They're voting. Are you? Make sure you're registered: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/76koKQOTno
“She’s just out there every day doing God’s work in her own way. You know? Making her parents proud.” —Betsy, Hillary's lifelong friend https://t.co/fhVANgfRdj
We're going to make college debt-free for everyone in America. See how much you could save with Hillary's plan at https://t.co/AXzJpLG4no. https://t.co/xsryGoycRy
Don't boo. Vote! https://t.co/tTgeqy51PU https://t.co/9un3FUVxoG
This Republican dad is struggling with the idea of his daughter growing up in a country led by Donald Trump. https://t.co/Tn3rQqJJKp
Hillary teamed up with @BernieSanders on a plan to make college debt-free for all Americans. https://t.co/sdWVzdxIrG
"It was overwhelming, in every sense of that word." —Betsy, Hillary's oldest friend, on casting the Illinois delegation's votes at the DNC https://t.co/DjQKbFvnLB
Great step forward by the Obama administration. It’s past time for Congress to guarantee paid sick leave for everyone. -H https://t.co/Rr1qkZAOcb
"I feel like I'm the political equivalent of the Antiques Roadshow." —@BillClinton, now playing on With Her at https://t.co/3B2EmK8eDc https://t.co/0yMRG3wCpP
Nobody here was “having fun” except for Trump. https://t.co/uklRuFJaus
For those few people knocking public service, hope you'll reconsider answering the call to help others. Because we're stronger together.
Remember, don't believe the haters who describe America as hopeless and broken. We should lift each other up, not tear each other down.
Too many talented young people pass up on programs like @Peacecorps because of student loans. Let's use GOOD JUDGMENT &amp; lighten that burden.
There are hundreds of thousands more @AmeriCorps applications than spots. Horrible! Let's expand it from 75,000 annual members to 250,000.
It's 3:20am. As good a time as any to tweet about national service. https://t.co/6hRCC16UiV
Trump stood on a debate stage and lied to millions of Americans.

Chip in to make sure he never becomes president: https://t.co/aQeJuzLMJs https://t.co/nJpoIIVDKZ
Donald Trump said he has "great respect" for women. His actions and words say otherwise. https://t.co/DV0KszUZxM
Trump wants to bring NYC's old, unconstitutional stop-and-frisk policy—aka racial profiling—to a city near you. https://t.co/XWHj5xRSiH
When Ruline was born, women couldn't vote. Yesterday, at 103, she voted for Hillary. Make sure you're registered: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/Sjn4wPcytB
.@BillClinton on pre-debate jitters (his) and Hillary's favorite TV shows, now playing on With Her: https://t.co/NXM98f1bfu https://t.co/5Ixai5GmOp
Make sure @realDonaldTrump's bullying never reaches the White House. Chip in now: https://t.co/P865AbPdAz https://t.co/cjNoBiagTA
A man who can be provoked by a tweet should not be anywhere near the nuclear codes.
"Who gets up at 3 o'clock in the morning to engage in a Twitter attack against a former Miss Universe?” —Hillary
"His latest Twitter meltdown is unhinged, even for him.” —Hillary on Trump
Trump "finds it a lot easier to insult women than to talk to the president of Mexico about building a wall.” —Hillary
"My view is we are already great, and if we work together, we will become even greater in the years ahead.” —Hillary in Florida
Meet Hillary's lifelong friend, Betsy. https://t.co/KVEICHVuRL
Trump admits he "can't say" he treats women with respect. https://t.co/eaOpDVixJD
This election is about whether we’re a country that lifts each other up or tears each other down. https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
National service has always been a bipartisan goal. When it's hard to find common ground, it’s important we come together where we can.
However you serve, it feels great to be a part of something bigger than yourself—to work toward making something good happen in the world.
This is one of the best things about Americans—we’re doers. When we see something that needs fixing, we roll up our sleeves and get to work.
Every good thing that we’ve ever achieved has always been because people have worked together to make it happen. https://t.co/ZxAsmgX6BH
Trump stood up at his convention and described a hopeless, broken nation—one that in no way resembles the strong, vibrant America we know.
This race comes down to two things: what kind of future we want for our kids and how we achieve it. https://t.co/nkwAOnFbJl
There are just 39 days between now &amp; November 8. Just 39 days left in the most important election in our lifetimes. https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
Hillary’s speaking in Florida on her plan to expand opportunities for national service. Watch here: https://t.co/DBL4KkG5am
While Donald continues day 5 of his Machado meltdown, we'll be in Florida talking about national service. You'll want to watch.
Trump on equal pay: "Do as good a job" as men.

Abortion? Should be "punished."

Pregnancy? An "inconvenience."

Wives working? "Dangerous."
We've heard Donald's insults for years, and his policies reflect this disregard—even contempt—for women.
Trump obsessively bullies Rosie O'Donnell—an accomplished actor. He insulted Kim Kardashian for her weight—when she was pregnant. Pathetic.
To Donald, women like Alicia are only as valuable as his personal opinion about their looks. https://t.co/OZv8yg8vjZ https://t.co/PZWmPcORBR
When something gets under Donald's thin skin, he lashes out and can't let go. This is dangerous for a president.
Alicia deserves praise for courageously standing up to Trump's attacks. And he has the gall to blame her—and say he "helped"?
What kind of man stays up all night to smear a woman with lies and conspiracy theories?
This is...unhinged, even for Trump. A few notes. https://t.co/WURWs6aJ5f
Only one candidate in this election has actual plans to help middle-class families: https://t.co/nxHZj6xuAy https://t.co/0HHteIVtQK
"Men and women.
Young and old.
Gay and straight.
Native-born and immigrant.

That's who the hell we are." https://t.co/tTgeqy51PU https://t.co/2ZmqT73REI
We have to face the hard truths about race in America. https://t.co/2dg5oSRsJP
“This is not me just going through the motions here.

I really, really, really want to elect Hillary.” —@POTUS: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/0mHZTTBtbZ
Trump "can run his campaign however he chooses...I’m going to keep talking about the stakes in this election.” https://t.co/m0Z0xmCKEm
"I will not raise taxes on anyone making less than $250,000.” —Hillary https://t.co/zq9Xx6wg2e
Born before women could vote, Ruline just cast her ballot for Hillary in Iowa today. Join her: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/LQ1qozY3NH
Glad to be back in Iowa today where it all began for the start of early voting. Find your polling place here: https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s -H
Barack&amp;
Michelle&amp;
Joe&amp;
Bernie&amp;
Elizabeth&amp;
You?

https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/myxRlsyFOb
Trump appears to have broken the law and acted against our nation's interest, all so he could line his own pockets. https://t.co/t6elyWAZkT https://t.co/xe2Y6bYDz3
We can’t do any of these things without your help.
Our future is on the ballot.
Let's prove that #LoveTrumpsHate: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
A four-year college should not be the only path to a middle-class life: https://t.co/6t1rONo6DW
Let’s make college tuition-free for any family whose income is $125,000 or less and debt-free for everyone. https://t.co/BnULejv7dG
No parent should pay more than 10% of their income on quality child care.
We need to raise the minimum wage so nobody who works full-time is still in poverty: https://t.co/mPsFoen2KW
We need to bring technical education back to our schools: https://t.co/6t1rONo6DW
As president Hillary will stand up for kids and families. She’s done it her whole life: https://t.co/vjdX8qeO6F
"I want this election to be about something, not just against somebody.” —Hillary in Iowa: https://t.co/NA4hBw6vR1
Tune in now to watch Hillary kick off Iowa early voting live from Des Moines: https://t.co/V5IZXIBDDW
The images from the train derailment in NJ are horrifying. My prayers are with those who lost loved ones and the dozens who were injured. -H
Trump's plan wouldn't just cut taxes for rich people—it would raise taxes for millions of middle-class families. https://t.co/K7xJQzIyeY
"She’s tough. She doesn’t back down.

Trump responds to criticism with the petulance of verbal spit wads." https://t.co/bz6gQay3Mi
Donald Trump may lie, but the tape doesn't. https://t.co/NWciAXZrKW
"Hillary will be a president our kids can look up to." —@FLOTUS https://t.co/30iEIdtjsk
At Monday's debate, Trump denied saying a lot of the things he's said. Let's set the record straight. https://t.co/J3Ym6Qfs04
With a mother in the Oval Office, we may finally catch up to the rest of the world on paid leave. https://t.co/e5UH9t0DvO
"If a candidate regularly and flippantly makes cruel and insulting comments about women...that's who that candidate really is." —@FLOTUS https://t.co/iMQ7JblAsm
"The president commands our nuclear arsenal. Trump can’t command his own rhetoric." —@azcentral https://t.co/n3GOmEin4N
We are going to end the federal government making money off of lending money to get your education. https://t.co/mvPmTGWuzR
Hillary’s college plan will help students preparing for college, those already in school, and those paying off debt. https://t.co/c0g8A5NYH7
You can go to https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm right now to make sure you’re registered to vote.
Go to https://t.co/VkVm51nWIY to see how much Hillary’s college plan could help you save.
If you already have student debt, we’ll help you refinance and pay it back as a percentage of your income. https://t.co/3wMRKFZ4I7
We should make public colleges tuition-free for working families and debt-free for everyone.
Paying for college shouldn’t be the hardest part of going to college: https://t.co/3wMRKFZ4I7
"I’m going to close my campaign the way I started my career…fighting for kids and families.” —Hillary https://t.co/YO5sZgVFus
“We ran a campaign about issues, not insults.” —Hillary on her primary campaign with @BernieSanders: https://t.co/puVZP5iFRE
"Thank you, @BernieSanders. Thank you for your leadership and your support in this campaign.” —Hillary
Tune in for a live conversation on making college affordable for all with Hillary and @BernieSanders at @UofNH → https://t.co/NQchsSkN8L
"Whew, OK!” https://t.co/385hydBQan
Trump's plan:
Cut taxes for billionaires &amp; millionaires like him.
Raise taxes for millions of middle-class families. https://t.co/K7xJQzIyeY
A man who bullies and shames a woman for her weight should never become president. https://t.co/ueLuxRS6Ta
For forty years, every presidential candidate has released their tax returns—except for Trump. What's he hiding? https://t.co/yqTpfXvcV6
In its 120-year history, @azcentral has never endorsed a Democrat.

Here's why the paper just endorsed Hillary: https://t.co/n3GOmEin4N
"Hillary and I have lost a true and treasured friend." —@BillClinton and Hillary on the passing of Shimon Peres https://t.co/nyCE88Kvxb
This election is a choice between an economy that benefits everyone or an economy that benefits...Donald Trump. https://t.co/PEHnJDdiLq
Thank you, @_VicenteFdez. You're right—"su voz es su voto." So grateful to have your support. #JuntosSePuede https://t.co/j9v2K84AV1
No matter where you live, you can make sure you're registered to vote at https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm. #NationalVoterRegistrationDay https://t.co/BQU2nKpqHQ
20 years after Donald bullied a beauty pageant winner for her weight, the real "problem" is...still Donald. https://t.co/ZmqYWuN9px
The question in this election: Who can put the plans into action that will make your life better? https://t.co/XreEY9OicG
If we stand together, there's nothing we can't do. 

Make sure you're ready to vote: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/Q3Ymbb7UNy
Both candidates were asked about how they'd confront racial injustice. Only one had a real answer. https://t.co/sjnEokckis
This election is too important to sit out. Go to https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm and make sure you're registered. #NationalVoterRegistrationDay -H
When Donald Trump goes low...register to vote: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/DXz9dEwsZS
Donald Trump lied to the American people at least 58 times during the first presidential debate. (We counted.) https://t.co/h43O6Rws4S
“She gained about 55 pounds in...9 months. She was like an eating machine.” —Trump, a man who wants to be president: https://t.co/1ht91eZCyw
It's #NationalVoterRegistrationDay. Celebrate by registering to vote → https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/R6lVvgLECG
"I love this country.
I’m proud of this country.
I want to be a leader who brings people together."
—Hillary #LoveTrumpsHate
We don’t want to turn against each other.
We want to work with one another.
We want to set big goals in this country.
#StrongerTogether
"What we hear from my opponent is dangerously incoherent. It's unclear what he's saying, but words matter." —Hillary
One candidate made it clear he wasn’t prepared for last night’s debate. The other made it clear she’s prepared to be president. https://t.co/Dg8EomL1CQ
"What kind of a person would want to root for 9 million families losing their homes?

One who should never be president." —Hillary on Trump
"I don’t think that any family should have to pay more than 10% of their income on child care.” —Hillary https://t.co/pepW0auI8n
"I’m really glad my dad never had a contract with Donald Trump.” —Hillary https://t.co/un2YiRLEYF
When you work hard, you should not be living in poverty. https://t.co/86sTOCAkkq
"We may have a record-setting turnout in this election.

We could have the biggest turnout we've ever had." https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
"You can go to https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm to make sure you are registered. And I hope you all will.” —Hillary #NationalVoterRegistrationDay
Join Hillary live in NC for her first rally since winning last night's debate → https://t.co/DzEpIDf7HY #NationalVoterRegistrationDay
“Donald just criticized me for preparing for this debate. And you know what else I prepared for?

I prepared to be president." —Hillary https://t.co/UghldHEsO4
Hillary was the winner of the first presidential debate—and newspapers across America agree. #SheWon https://t.co/jaxTdf7qX8 https://t.co/kgwL8rZNWr
"She gained a massive amount of weight...it was a real problem." —Trump this morning on Alicia Machado https://t.co/LJPlFegSTs
When you have a really, really good night. #SheWon https://t.co/FVeGqhYxRZ
"Register. Vote. Go out and get engaged!” —@JoeBiden #NationalVoterRegistrationDay https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
"I'm glad Trump found out that Crimea was part of Ukraine. By the way, I heard he was on the verge of acknowledging gravity." —@JoeBiden
“Let me tell you who built this damn country: the middle class.” —@JoeBiden

Let's keep building it, together: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
One moment last night that proved—again—that Hillary's the only candidate ready to lead on the global stage: https://t.co/i4lrw7BpE9 #SheWon
"Anyone who complains about microphone problems is not having a good night." —Hillary #SheWon
Trump on Alicia, 1996: "Miss Piggy."

This morning: "She gained a massive amount of weight...it was a real problem." https://t.co/0wrISjJe6z
"I have a winning temperament." —Donald Trump last night 

Really? #SheWon https://t.co/nMTFoISagO
Only one person on last night's stage is prepared to be Commander-in-Chief. Make sure she gets the chance: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm #SheWon https://t.co/HcGgR3wkrD
43 days left. Let’s go win this thing: https://t.co/vJShYQPqJb #DebateNight https://t.co/MzR30MEI0J
#DebateNight https://t.co/x4oTfkIlHS
Donald Trump called her "Miss Piggy" and "Miss Housekeeping."

Her name is Alicia Machado. #DebateNight https://t.co/0wrISjJe6z
The presidency isn't a reality show—it's as real as it gets. Make sure you're registered to vote: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm #DebateNight https://t.co/87TwYLuDM2
Text IMWITHHER to 47246 to tell Hillary you're on her team all the way to Election Day. #debatenight https://t.co/YzlkvzVTGY
Hillary just proved she's the only candidate who's ready to be president. Chip in now and let's go win this thing: https://t.co/ATqqxWU0Hc
When Donald Trump says he has a "winning temperament." #debatenight https://t.co/ElQ7aG2vxu
The woman Trump called “Miss Piggy” has a name: Alicia. #debatenight https://t.co/XlthzE8X8j
"When Donald Trump spends 11 hours testifying in front of a congressional committee, he can talk to me about stamina." —Hillary #debatenight
Donald Trump's "cavalier attitude about nuclear weapons is so deeply troubling.” #DebateNight https://t.co/z66rUZz31J
.@realDonaldTrump: Barack Obama is your president too. #debatenight
A man who can be provoked by a tweet should not have his hands anywhere near the nuclear codes. #DebateNight
This should go without saying: Taking nuclear war lightly is disqualifying for anyone seeking to be President of the United States. https://t.co/MzQNVsr8HN
"I hope the fact-checkers are turning up the volume. Donald Trump supported the invasion of Iraq.” https://t.co/CoyJtoyxd0
What is the deal with Donald Trump and Russia? https://t.co/xUYxOdoYo3 #debatenight
When Donald Trump goes low, we go high. #DebateNight https://t.co/5MUlOMJqWM
When a man is sued for discriminating against black tenants &amp; pushes birtherism, he's giving you an idea of what kind of president he'd be.
Donald Trump's answer for his five years of pushing the racist birther conspiracy theory?

"I say nothing." #debatenight
"Trump just criticized me for preparing for this debate. You know what else I prepared for? Being president." #DebateNight
President Obama was born in the United States. He’s American. Trump only has one reason for refusing to admit it. #debatenight
Still a complete lie. #DebateNight 
https://t.co/F8aCfIqYWs
Donald Trump is more concerned with pandering to the gun lobby than keeping families safe. #DebateNight https://t.co/LspcUJNUc5
The fact that Trump's answer to a question about racial injustice is just "we need law and order" pretty much says it all. #debatenight
We’ve got to address the systemic racism in our criminal justice system and end private prisons. #DebateNight https://t.co/8afCXJAAjI
We are not going to bring New York’s unconstitutional stop-and-frisk program nationwide. #debatenight
"Maybe he didn't do a good job." —Donald Trump

Looks like you “loved” it at the time. #DebateNight
https://t.co/dOENE0SxCr https://t.co/WXEqnU2xGL
"It's about time this country had somebody running it who has an idea about money." —Trump #debatenight https://t.co/dpDrKCHVCd
Paying zero in taxes doesn’t make you "smart."

It makes you a tax evader. https://t.co/g9nQkSRvTB
No wonder Donald Trump is hiding his tax returns. #debatenight https://t.co/gcvsadMwHJ
Donald Trump may live in his own reality—but we've got his own words right here. Check them out: https://t.co/NLPH8sbAGn #debatenight
We can step up and confront climate change, save our planet, and invest in clean energy. 

Or, we can do nothing. #debatenight https://t.co/lAf9yXVaea
"I never said that." —Donald Trump, who said that. #debatenight https://t.co/6T8qV2HCbL
"That's called business." —Donald Trump on the housing crash.

For millions of Americans it was called "losing their home." #DebateNight
Economists project that Trump’s plans would add more than $5,000,000,000,000 to the national debt. That's "trillion" with a "T."
Every time Trump makes a show of railing against outsourcing, remember the countries he shipped jobs and profits to: https://t.co/5MZTsOgYR9
Having a small business owner for a dad may not get you multi-million-dollar bailouts, but it does teach you the value of hard, honest work. https://t.co/Vp9bVJo3Pn
There's only one candidate on stage who will support working families. #DebateNight https://t.co/uOV7JC9uQC
We have to build an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. #DebateNight https://t.co/XPTvh4Dovf
Watch live: Hillary takes the stage for the first presidential debate → https://t.co/FbmDLQp03w #DebateNight
Let's do this. #DebateNight https://t.co/NkPEGHzucT
If you're with Hillary, now's the time to show it. Chip in before tonight's debate to have her back: https://t.co/OftmbqRvyQ #DebateNight
No matter what Donald says at tonight's debate, we already know the real Trump.

Follow @TheBriefing2016 for the facts. #DebateNight https://t.co/gKeJeLP2BL
Hillary’s set to take the debate stage at 9pm ET.

Here's where you can watch: https://t.co/DhwVYhlA6K #DebateNight https://t.co/gMJINu5xJi
“You didn’t blame Little John or Meat Loaf. You fired Gary Busey.

These are the kinds of decisions that would keep me up at night." https://t.co/njW7YAxf5I
Here are 35 questions Trump still needs to answer. https://t.co/rdMYbHGhwA #DebateNight
Watch this before you watch tonight's debate. #DebateNight https://t.co/vnC4bMrS0Q
Trump told 31 outright lies just last week.

Keep him honest at tonight's debate: Follow @TheBriefing2016 to get the facts. #DebateNight https://t.co/ZHXiZPlcRX
"Our presidents are role models for generations of our children. Is this the example we want for them?" —@NYTimes https://t.co/jD7u2Vt4NQ https://t.co/84cDaC4IW8
These headlines on Trump's lies are from just one week of his campaign.

Imagine four years of his presidency. https://t.co/FE1hZ7MmR6
Everything you need to know before watching tonight's debate: https://t.co/Z4gcpSDfZa https://t.co/bymTtB2Et7
Tonight, Hillary will debate Trump for the first time. Follow @TheBriefing2016 to make sure he's held accountable to the facts. #DebateNight
A reminder heading into tonight's debate. #DebateNight https://t.co/TwsbBNPOZP
"Donald Trump is a man who dwells in bigotry, bluster and false promises." —@NYTimes https://t.co/dGBX93R3PK #DebateNight
Our daughters deserve better. https://t.co/LJPlFegSTs
Not a single living president has endorsed Donald Trump. https://t.co/nGXxXTo3NI
Trump can't win tonight's debate by lying to the American people. https://t.co/uRkyip3Rfe
When we come together, there's no problem we can't solve and no divide we can't heal. https://t.co/2eutCA4R6C
Today, the sacrifices of Gold Star families weigh heavier on my mind. Thank you. I will fight to get you the care &amp; benefits you deserve. -H
59 years ago, 9 brave students integrated Central High School, changing the course of history. Let's recommit to finishing their work. -H https://t.co/HrkLdT0qKX
Let's send Donald Trump—and the world—a clear message. https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm #LoveTrumpsHate https://t.co/0VI8zmXgZE
Imagine Donald Trump sitting in the Situation Room making life or death decisions on behalf of the United States. https://t.co/YFraVXr5Zf
"[Hillary] is one of the most qualified people ever to run for the office, and she easily earns our endorsement.” https://t.co/YEHhmQRaDb https://t.co/wfh3bImRPt
Our veterans and their families deserve a president who doesn't disrespect and disparage their sacrifices. https://t.co/sMGa9bxZGX
7 ways Hillary's policies would help you in your daily life: https://t.co/f7oDXlVyx6
Gold Star families have made sacrifices most of us can't even fathom. They deserve our respect and our thanks. https://t.co/c9gDHudBjt
Not one living president has said they believe Donald Trump has what it takes to be Commander-in-Chief. https://t.co/3HeTtkQ6KS
Meet three women who inspired Hillary to become the person she is today: https://t.co/1O4rw3ecBH https://t.co/Df9X0o5E6h
"Our endorsement is rooted in respect for her intellect, experience, toughness and courage." —@NYTimes on Hillary https://t.co/qaswl7IOOJ https://t.co/8gOQY8GpKV
The new @NMAAHC is an overdue tribute to African American history. Let's build a more open, inclusive future by reflecting on our past. -H
"Our choice, Hillary Clinton, has a record of service and a raft of pragmatic ideas." —@NYTimes endorsing Hillary https://t.co/qaswl7IOOJ https://t.co/Ikkyo6jvOh
"I thought, this woman—I want to ride with her." —Roxie, a Republican and small business owner, on meeting Hillary https://t.co/s5zyaOBLXB
Hillary's been fighting for women and girls her entire career—and she's just getting started. https://t.co/NMnrgEzNkT
"A lifetime’s commitment to solving problems in the real world qualifies Hillary Clinton for this job." —@NYTimes https://t.co/qaswl7IOOJ
We know all too well who Donald Trump is. Let's make sure he never becomes president: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/3lJjQEQ0BR
Donald Trump doesn't see people like Anastasia—he only sees disability. https://t.co/0aDgpwHtjv
"Hillary Clinton is one of the best prepared candidates to seek the presidency." —@LATimes https://t.co/NG1am536OS
If the young women of this country have Donald Trump as their president, what will they think of themselves? https://t.co/1IrjWddzzy
Republicans are once again turning their backs on the people of Flint who have waited far too long for help. It's wrong, unfair, and unjust. https://t.co/tj5l0UH6Lu
"I was just blown away by this 9-year-old girl." —Hillary on meeting disability rights advocate @AnastasiaSomoza https://t.co/nrjcqfGiRe
"Donald Trump committed perjury. Or he looked into the faces of the Republican faithful and knowingly lied." https://t.co/enl4NTjdX4
"Hillary Clinton would make a sober, smart and pragmatic president. Donald Trump would be a catastrophe." —@LATimes https://t.co/NG1am536OS
Addiction is a disease—not a moral failing. We should support those who are struggling with it. #OpioidAwarenessWeek https://t.co/V9Uz3jVEjN
Charlotte should release police video of the Keith Lamont Scott shooting without delay. We must ensure justice &amp; work to bridge divides. -H
"She gives us hope for the future. She's our girl."  —Roxie, co-owner of @MercersDairy, on Hillary https://t.co/s5zyaOBLXB
When Donald Trump speaks about women, our daughters can hear him. https://t.co/0r1N6R8rV6
Is this the president we want for our daughters? https://t.co/GP4rfhPDGm
"He's 70 years old, and he's still a bully." —Karen on @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/XBCJ4mTj24
Our favorite moments from Hillary's appearance on Between Two Ferns → https://t.co/tXLPQtR7tb https://t.co/Er2YqHQVhl
"Vote." —@Lin_Manuel https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/m9H9b9X7Ar
"I really regret doing this." —Hillary on Between Two Ferns https://t.co/OmDyINNCrW
Let's make sure nobody who works full-time in America has to live in poverty. https://t.co/mpGBCNlemA https://t.co/fCcXd1MrTo
Donald Trump's ties to Russia may conflict with America's interests—but they're great for his bottom line. https://t.co/gYbm5HxfxG
Very concerned about the outage in Puerto Rico and the millions of families who don't have power. Hoping it's restored quickly. -H https://t.co/YCPE68OHRW
The man who could be your next president may be deeply indebted to another country. Do you trust him to run ours? https://t.co/5TU9olTqd5
Most people who are bullies grow out of it. 

Donald Trump hasn't. https://t.co/tEJ9ATm9BS
"Donald Trump doesn't see people like me, he only sees disability. I honestly feel bad for someone with so much hate in his heart." https://t.co/3OBCKTVm0Q
"I think this is the most important election in my lifetime." @ChelseaClinton takes the 🎤 in this week's podcast: https://t.co/dAwaE8Dg0C
Donald Trump is really good at spending other people's money—on:

Legal settlements.
Payoffs.
Portraits of himself. https://t.co/C5bXw5brI9
Trump should have to answer exactly why he refuses to believe that @POTUS is American. https://t.co/NReJ3wJE8l
No child should ever have to grow up in poverty, yet far too many do. We have to do better. Here's how: https://t.co/Qo1RmQDwd6
"You would think there is almost, like, something wrong." —Donald Trump on Mitt Romney failing to release his tax returns, 2012 https://t.co/rCz0Tlx6RW
Going to bat for kids who are too often counted out has always been a priority for Hillary. https://t.co/lTxRVn3NBM
.@TimKaine is more than just a great running mate—he's a great guy to have as a friend, too. https://t.co/5WX2qYgUjC
We need a president who sees the best in all of us. https://t.co/vX0Oycto1Q
A disability shouldn't define your future.

At @ChildDefender, Hillary helped give kids the chance to succeed. https://t.co/jaMcdARYn1
We believe that everyone has value.
We believe that everyone's created equal.
We believe that love trumps hate.
https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
We'll make our economy and country more welcoming to people with disabilities. We all win when everyone gets to share in America's promise.
The ultimate test of our society is how we treat our fellow human beings, especially those who we have previously left behind.
Americans with disabilities deserve the chance to work alongside those without disabilities—to do the same jobs for the same pay &amp; benefits.
We’ve got to build an economy that welcomes people with disabilities, values their work, rewards them fairly, and treats them with respect.
Over 60% of adults with disabilities aren’t in the workplace. We have to fix that. https://t.co/J3Jq21ejtR
None of us gets through life alone. We all have to look out for each other and lift each other up.
Building an inclusive economy is another reason we’ve got to break down systemic racism, including under-investment in communities of color.
When we leave people out or write them off, we not only shortchange them and their dreams, we shortchange our country and our future.
In America, every person, no matter what you look like or who you are, should have the chance to go as far as your dreams will take you.
We need to come together to turn the tide, stop violence, build trust, and give all our kids the chance to grow up safe and healthy.
We've also seen the targeting of police officers—but so many serve every day with courage and honor and are committed to reform.
We have two names to add to a long list of African Americans killed by police officers. It’s unbearable, and it needs to become intolerable.
Live from Orlando: Watch Hillary share her plan for building an inclusive economy that helps everyone get ahead → https://t.co/IX06FtcZG8
Every student should be able to graduate from college without taking on any debt. https://t.co/1aWqDOKh7p https://t.co/KHguTDbKW9
Keith Lamont Scott. Terence Crutcher. Too many others. This has got to end. -H
Have student debt? 
Planning for college?
See how much money Hillary's plan would save you:
https://t.co/fiXgr6S3Ye https://t.co/B8PCks6yXL
FACT: Donald Trump used his charitable foundation to purchase *multiple* six-foot-tall paintings of himself. https://t.co/tDeBH37w7h
A real headline about the Republican nominee: "Trump used $258,000 from his charity to settle legal problems." https://t.co/2LRtZB3Ri2
Four months from today, our next president will walk into the Oval Office.

Help make sure it's not Donald Trump: https://t.co/Gxp2QdeIhH
On this day in 1973, tennis champion Billie Jean King defeated Bobby Riggs in the “Battle of the Sexes.” https://t.co/G06Ol90j1O
"You can leave this ad muted—there's nothing to hear." —@NyleDiMarco

https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/QOqcWnw7OJ
Help get out the vote for Hillary (plus, get a free sticker when you sign up!): https://t.co/v4rISVHYuG
Trump’s calls to torture and mistreat prisoners go against the very values we are fighting to defend. We’re better than this.
Donald hasn't given his own money to the Trump Foundation since 2008—but it's still paying his bills. https://t.co/2LRtZB3Ri2
It's time to tell @WellsFargo that Wall Street works for Main Street—not the other way around. https://t.co/mYuTS4qgF4
Another unarmed Black man was shot in a police incident. This should be intolerable. We have so much work to do. #TerenceCrutcher -H
Donald Trump is using his foundation—funded by other people's money—to settle lawsuits. https://t.co/2LRtZBls9A
"The voice of your vote is the greatest voice we have." —@NyleDiMarco

https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/X3oqEoOYsU
Catch @FallonTonight at 11:35pm ET to see letters from some of Hillary's biggest fans. https://t.co/muVNwgLSRs
"You want to give me a good send-off? Go vote.” —Barack Obama: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/Jqf2jmx3D0
Nobody in America should have to forgo a higher education because they can't afford it. https://t.co/DhSlyM6ILQ
Barack Obama said progress is on the ballot this November. This economic data shows he’s right. https://t.co/CIoKKKIxqz
America has never made progress by thinking one person alone can fix our problems. https://t.co/mYba5FCBrb
"Everyone who wants to go to college should be able to without drowning in debt." —Hillary https://t.co/wDxspmxT9Q
Be a voter. Check your registration and help your friends do the same → https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/yTAG2iT8WL
Let’s make clear that love trumps hate—not just this November, but always. https://t.co/wDxspmxT9Q
Find out how much Hillary's college plan will save you: https://t.co/svkSUzhwYz https://t.co/tmHf8m2CdX
"The lesson she passed on to me was simple but powerful: No one gets through life alone." —Hillary on her mom https://t.co/gzNvfNPeNu
When we work together, we will trump hate. https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
We have to stand up to this hate.

We have to send a clear message: 
America is better than this.
America is better than Donald Trump.
We're facing a candidate with a history of discrimination in his businesses, who retweets white supremacists, and led the birther movement.
In a democracy, if you want to help the greatest number of people, you have to push for reform from both the outside-in and the inside-out.
Simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. https://t.co/oZIm2is1lX
When Americans get knocked down, we get right back up again. We refuse to quit—no matter what. 

That’s the spirit we need in this election.
We have a Republican nominee for president who incites hatred and violence like we’ve never seen before.
College should be tuition-free for working families and debt-free for everyone: https://t.co/lkOFcHI4Py
If you work hard, you should be able to find a good job that pays well and lets you do what you love and make your mark on the world.
We can build a cleaner, more resilient electrical grid with enough renewable energy to power every home in the country.
It’s wrong to tear each other down.
It’s wrong to let income inequality get worse.
It’s wrong to put a loose cannon in charge.
This election isn’t a reality TV show. It shouldn’t be about birth certificates or name-calling or stunts to get on cable news.
You want something to vote for, not just against:

Optimism, not resentment.
Answers, not anger.
Ideas, not insults.
Bridges, not walls.
“Your generation is the most inclusive, progressive, and entrepreneurial we’ve ever seen.” —Hillary to students at @TempleUniv
50 days to go. Don't miss Hillary live from @TempleUniv: https://t.co/qg6J7SXrr0
“I’m Hillary Clinton and I’ve always approved this message.” https://t.co/GgDeBBfoUm
“This threat is real, but so is our resolve. Americans will not cower. We will prevail.” —Hillary https://t.co/eADlIG9aQL
Our next president needs to have the right temperament to meet the challenges we face. https://t.co/XMDZPtLNMB
“What I’ve laid out is a path forward that will keep us safer...and go after the terrorists to finally destroy them" https://t.co/tWWEMx0T9s
“I’m the only candidate in this race who’s been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield. —Hillary
"Let us be vigilant, but not afraid…we choose resolve, not fear. We will not turn on each other or undermine each other.” —Hillary
"Like all Americans, my thoughts are with those who were wounded, their families, &amp; our first responders” —Hillary on this weekend’s attacks
"We have got to do everything we can to make sure that Hillary Clinton is elected president." —@BernieSanders https://t.co/t1uxcoVJT5
Grateful for our brave men and women serving in the @USAirForce and their families. Happy birthday, USAF! https://t.co/xYebpm9NaN
Congratulations on your Emmy, Kate! Big fan of yours, too. https://t.co/w00QO1GwyH
"Progress is on the ballot.
Tolerance is on the ballot.
Democracy is on the ballot.
Justice is on the ballot." https://t.co/Mmyqestken
Next week, Hillary will walk on stage for the first presidential debate. Chip in now for the chance to be there: https://t.co/mHGncsXG6y
It wasn't so long ago that women faced and took down barriers that can seem ridiculous now. https://t.co/nuG8Gqmzt1 https://t.co/XwvEuxsrOV
"I strongly condemn the apparent terrorist attacks in Minnesota, New Jersey, and New York." https://t.co/NSy3fkcu1c
"Read up on your history. It matters. We've got to get people to vote." —@POTUS: https://t.co/tTgeqy51PU https://t.co/GyveEjARku
So what exactly is Donald Trump hiding from voters? Pretty much everything. https://t.co/RGUqGN4I7i
“We have to face the world as it is but commit ourselves to turning it into what it should be.” —Hillary https://t.co/nEB4qSm2YX
In a normal election, these 126 things would disqualify Trump from becoming president: https://t.co/VeDJknt4JH
If you want to go to college or are saddled with student debt, you'll want to read what @TimKaine has to say: https://t.co/qa9qO4AFxW
As @FLOTUS said, this election is about what kind of country we want to be and what we want to leave behind for future generations.
We need ideas, not insults. Plans, not paranoia.

We can’t let @POTUS's legacy fall into the hands of someone who doesn’t understand that.
"I’m going to close my campaign the way I began my career…focused on opportunities for children and fairness for families." —Hillary
Tune in now to watch Hillary speak to the @OfficialCBC: https://t.co/NJuB7JkyDL
Presidential. https://t.co/tlfpcbVqkT
This year, Janelle beat breast cancer with the support of her family, friends, and a presidential candidate. https://t.co/vmavvobLcs
So how exactly did Donald Trump build his own bank account?

On the backs of American taxpayers: https://t.co/4uBuIljQML
"I want you to know that I see you, and I’m with you." —Hillary to the Latino community at @CHCI https://t.co/t2F93Ml785
Trump went to Flint to draw attention to the city's lead poisoning crisis—but he just made a spectacle of himself. https://t.co/Dw4KoVgrQ3
Let's be clear: Nothing—including an audit—is preventing Trump from releasing his tax returns. https://t.co/mpGiRIaPgD
Any of these examples proves that Donald Trump is unfit to be president. https://t.co/3mQgqZ7b8V
"We’re siding with students and with every American seeking an affordable college degree." —@TimKaine https://t.co/qa9qO4AFxW
Hillary's been her childhood pen pal, her graduation cheering section, and her friend. Meet Aleatha: https://t.co/f4YzTBmIdl
Take it from @FLOTUS: This election is too important to sit out. Register to vote: https://t.co/tTgeqy51PU https://t.co/NblU3Tth7T
9 times Donald Trump accused Hillary of doing the terrible things he, himself, actually did: https://t.co/DXlybx7oA5
It’s time for Donald Trump to be held to the same standard of disclosure as any other major party nominee. https://t.co/UP93LCzURv
It's great to be back on the campaign trail. https://t.co/vm1KX2uOXt
The brave men and women who have served our country deserve better than Donald Trump. https://t.co/SmLmTrVhOr
126 things Donald Trump has said and done that should disqualify his candidacy: https://t.co/h4qUNNnTOf
Trump's habit of projecting his actions onto someone else is what 6-year-olds call "I know you are, but what am I?" https://t.co/FIhZYLmy1l
Donald Trump has spent years peddling lies about President Obama.

And that didn't stop today. https://t.co/KzgPQgPjxK
Donald Trump spent five years lying about @POTUS's citizenship. He can’t just take that back. https://t.co/HeafYwy0Fp
"We deserve a president…who believes that each of us is part of the American story, and we’re always stronger together.” —@FLOTUS
“On November 8, you will decide whether we have a president who believes in science and will fight climate change—or not.” —@FLOTUS
“The choice that you make on November 8 will determine whether you can afford college tuition.” —@FLOTUS: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
“You’ve got to get yourself and everyone you know registered to vote today.” —@FLOTUS: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
"Your decision will determine who sits in the Oval Office after Barack Obama.” —@FLOTUS
"Elections aren't just about who votes, but who doesn't vote." —@FLOTUS: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
“We have an opportunity to elect one of the most qualified people who has ever endeavored to become president.” —@FLOTUS on Hillary
"Hillary has the resilience it takes to do this job, see when she gets knocked down…she gets right back up.” —@FLOTUS
"The presidency doesn’t change who you are. It reveals who you are. And the same thing is true of a presidential campaign." —@FLOTUS
"When it comes to the qualifications we should demand in a president...we need someone who’s going to take this job seriously.” —@FLOTUS
“I am thrilled to be here today to support the next president &amp; vice president of the United States, Hillary Clinton &amp; Tim Kaine!” —@FLOTUS
.@FLOTUS is on the trail for Hillary. Tune in to watch her live from Virginia: https://t.co/PhnJJoDmPD
On National Prisoners of War Remembrance Day, a POW shares what it means when Trump insults veterans. https://t.co/0dVB5B0gbC
What Trump should do: for once in his life, own up to his mistakes. Apologize to the President, and to the American people.
Trump’s birtherism stems from the same innate beliefs that led to discriminating against black tenants early in his career. Can't be undone.
The birther lie is what turned Trump from an ordinary reality TV star into a political figure. That origin story can't be unwritten.
Trump has spent years peddling a racist conspiracy aimed at undermining the first African American president. He can't just take it back.
This shouldn't have to be said: You don’t just get to say someone else did the worst things you’ve done. It doesn’t work. No one buys it.
Again, Trump turns his faults on others. Psychologists call it "projecting." Kids call it "I'm rubber, you're glue." https://t.co/lKDDD0wwsn
When Trump tries to deflect blame for denying that @POTUS was born in America, he is lying. https://t.co/lje3lKrZQy https://t.co/yq9IWnvXUc
Leading the birther movement is deplorable. Attempting to say it "did a great service" to the president who Trump attacked is asinine.
Expressing zero regret for years of pushing a racist conspiracy theory, Trump again appointed himself judge &amp; jury on @POTUS's citizenship.
What Trump just did is a disgrace.
Let’s build a future where love trumps hate. https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
“Let’s reject the cynicism, the bullying, and the divisive rhetoric that my opponent is using to try and make us all afraid of each other.”
Donald Trump looks at women and decides how their looks rate on a scale of one to 10.
"He looks at a Gold Star family and sees them as Muslims, not patriotic Americans.” —Hillary on Trump
"Donald Trump looks at a distinguished judge born in Indiana, and he sees a Mexican, not an American.” —Hillary
Donald Trump is unfit to be president.
We just can’t accept this.
We’ve got to stand up to this.
If we don’t, it won’t stop.
Barack Obama was born in America, plain and simple.

Donald Trump owes him and the American people an apology.
Just yesterday, Trump again refused to say with his own words that the president was born in the United States.
"We know who Donald is. For five years, he has led the birther movement to de-legitimize our first black president.” —Hillary
The next 53 days will shape the next 50 years.

The future of our children and grandchildren hangs in the balance. https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
"We’ll remember the pain of the Mothers of the Movement and fight for a criminal justice system that actually delivers justice.” —Hillary
“The American people deserve something to vote for, not just against.” —Hillary https://t.co/jd5Lwh595S
"You don't just deserve a seat at the table. It's past time you had a fair chance to run the meeting." —Hillary to the Black Women’s Agenda
"To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. You need both understanding and action.” —Hillary
"The good news is that my pneumonia finally got some Republicans interested in women’s health.” —Hillary
Watch Hillary speak live at the Black Women's Agenda Symposium: https://t.co/RXdsRJWAal
Remember: Trump, the Birther-in-Chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records. https://t.co/BgtM199Ncg
President Obama’s successor cannot and will not be the man who led the racist birther movement. Period.
"When I’m under the weather, I can afford to take a few days off. Millions of Americans can’t." Hillary in NC today: https://t.co/rNM9eJ0fUi
The polls are closer than ever, and the stakes couldn't be higher. Chip in today. https://t.co/Ea6PC9Wuxq  https://t.co/ChwQM3NqJe
Donald Trump still refuses to admit President Obama was born in the United States. https://t.co/LB6y7Iecsb
Trump is running the most divisive campaign of our lifetimes.

There’s no innuendo or dog whistles anymore. It’s all out in the open now.
Donald Trump still refuses to say @POTUS was born in America. And this man wants to be our president?

When will he stop this ugliness?
America is one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Not just for people who look or worship a certain way.
Despite what Donald Trump may say, immigrants are not rapists and criminals.
No child should have to say goodbye to their parents every morning not knowing if mom or dad will be there when they get home.
"We have a chance to show that comprehensive immigration reform isn’t just the smart thing to do—it’s what the American people demand."
Supporting families with paid family leave, earned sick days, and affordable child care isn’t a luxury—it’s a necessity.
It's wrong when Latinos are 17% of our population and hold only 2% of its wealth.

We've got to connect more Latinos with good jobs.
"I intend to close my campaign the way I began my career: fighting for kids and families..it will be the passion of my presidency." —Hillary
"You’re not intruders. You’re our neighbors, our colleagues, our friends, our families...I see you, and I am with you." —Hillary to @CHCI
“I believe with all my heart that the American Dream is alive, and it’s big enough for everyone to share its promise.” —Hillary to @CHCI
Hillary’s live at @CHCI. Tune in to hear about her vision for an inclusive America. https://t.co/dkg7pwiNMt
Long overdue, but good to see the Senate approve much-needed aid for Flint. Time for the House to do the same. -H https://t.co/nQdgxiYnwV
Want to compare Hillary and Trump on transparency?

We stacked up everything they have (or haven't) released. https://t.co/rtgKLd1o5g
Just 54 days left and we don’t have a minute to lose. Text JOIN to 47246 and let’s go win this—together. https://t.co/hGRsvLiGO2
“This is why I do it and this is who I’m in it for—to make life better for children and families." —Hillary https://t.co/gkvtA1yQNX
"My opponent has America all wrong. There’s nothing we can’t do when we come together as one nation." —Hillary
As @FLOTUS said, the choice in this election is about who will have the power to shape our children for the next four years of their lives.
We don’t need a president who thinks only married people deserve paid leave and only mothers ever stay home with the kids.
"People accuse me of all kinds of things—you’ve probably seen that. But nobody ever accuses me of quitting.” —Hillary
“I have this old-fashioned notion that if you’re running for president, you should say what you’re going to do.” https://t.co/IOJAboxXfh
"I’m going to close my campaign the way I began my career...focused on opportunities for kids and fairness for families." —Hillary
The stakes in this election are as high as any in our lifetimes. https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
"I want to give our kids a safer world...that means a world with strong allies, more friends, fewer enemies, and fewer nuclear weapons."
"I learned from my family and my Methodist faith that we’re each called to do all the good we can for all the people we can." —Hillary
Hillary’s running for people who are trying to do hard things and need a helping hand, people like Janelle Turner. https://t.co/Dg4gQwOt1C
"I’m running for young people like so many of you who dream of changing our world for the better.” —Hillary
For millions of moms and dads, if they get sick, they’re on their own. There’s no backup. https://t.co/ENcjziSzUw
"It’s great to be back on the campaign trail.” —Hillary in North Carolina. Watch live: https://t.co/oa4NZ1hEHU
If you're in college—or have a kid who is—find out how much you could save with Hillary's college plan: https://t.co/v7pLQaC6BW
Trump gets criticized by a Latino judge: calls him a "disgrace."
A Muslim family: he lashes out.
A black pastor: https://t.co/3JbmFsM6RH
Let's mark the start of Hispanic Heritage Month by celebrating our country's rich diversity and standing up to bigotry and intolerance. -H
Trump on releasing detailed medical records: "I have no problem in doing so!"

He still hasn't released them. https://t.co/Zk1AXnWqes
Trump's global web of financial and business ties would compromise our national security if he’s elected president. https://t.co/R8LgAQTLX3
Trump's detailed medical records are part of a laundry list of things he's hiding from the American public. https://t.co/uhlFknLvoP
Proud of you, @Simone_Biles. We can all learn from your courage in standing up to stigma. https://t.co/S9rndkm0ZL
When 40 million Americans are facing the same problem, it's a crisis. One candidate has a plan to address it. https://t.co/7pPwEHlhy7
Trump's always put his own profits above all—no matter who else gets hurt. Why would that change if he's president? https://t.co/Lo4boVfJCz
How will Trump guarantee that he'll put America's security over his own financial interests? https://t.co/xBHczp3xGg
Proud to have you on this team, @StephenCurry30. https://t.co/sBHOHU5dYn https://t.co/YcjQUb83qr
George was scammed out of his savings—his retirement, his kids' college funds—by a real estate "course" at Trump U. https://t.co/ricRlymi01
Hillary's released her medical information and tax returns.

We're still waiting for Trump to do the same. https://t.co/bxHbFLs24l
Donald Trump's foundation: paying off would-be opponents, stiffing actual charities. https://t.co/y0bY1efHwL
“The bottom line is that we can not afford suddenly to treat this like a reality show.” —@POTUS https://t.co/FnrH6hAM5N
20 questions Trump needs to answer on his dangerous foreign business ties—and the national security risks they pose. https://t.co/JOOLN2SfL4
20. It's pretty clear: Trump's spent his life unscrupulously looking out for his own wallet above all. Why would that change as president?
19. In sum, how will Trump guarantee that if forced to choose between America's security and his own bank account, he won't pick the latter?
18. We'll let @kurteichenwald ask this one: https://t.co/xnIl6JazS3
17. Will your children disclose all of the foreign trips and business deals they've undertaken during the campaign, and with whom they met?
16. You've mentioned ~120 foreign deals, including in countries with national security implications. Where and with whom are you working?
15. To what extent are you and your family currently contractually tied to payments from foreign business partners, or governments?
14. We know you engaged extensively in pay-to-play here at home. Have you bribed foreign officials or other parties abroad?
13. How can we know you won't (again) impulsively damage relationships with crucial allies to preserve your own ego? https://t.co/j1VtaFhA6C
12. How can we be sure you'd be willing to be tough on any nation if necessary, if it would put your interests and profits at risk?
11. With business ties to politically-connected Indian developers, how can you conduct foreign policy that puts the U.S. above your profits?
10. How did the Russian mob boss who ran a criminal organization out of Trump Tower get a VIP pass to your Miss Universe pageant in Moscow?
9. Have you or your campaign discussed U.S.-Russian relations with the Russian billionaires with whom you've done business?
8. Will you disclose the nature of your personal and business relationships with all of the Russian oligarchs you are “close” to?
7. To what extent would your foreign policy be dictated by potential financial benefits for your business partners? https://t.co/4Nd9KSdTfi
6. Given that you've already questioned our commitments to NATO allies, what is your answer to this? https://t.co/qp5vMqtcs1
5. How can you be tough on Iran, given your business partnership with someone connected to Iranian money laundering? https://t.co/1AdDm2kfvy
4. If you were willing to work with Qaddafi—a known terrorist and dictator—is there anyone you aren't willing to make a deal with? Who?
3. While refusing to release your tax returns, how will you confirm that you do not have dangerous financial ties to bad actors abroad?
2. How will you handle non-cancelable contractual obligations with parties whose interests conflict with those of the United States?
1. Will you sever ties with your company linked to foreign leaders, questionable organizations, and criminals if you become president?
In light of @kurteichenwald's report on the Trump Organization's dangerous ties, here are 20 questions that Trump needs to answer—now.
Today's must-read: "Almost every foreign policy decision [Trump] makes will raise serious conflicts of interest." https://t.co/rmTos7en9t
Donald Trump's foundation allegedly paid off Florida's attorney general to prevent an investigation into his fraud. https://t.co/tCrtd6ab5h
"You don't grade the presidency on a curve." —@POTUS https://t.co/gbywfNfrQq
"If you're serious about our democracy, then you've got to be with her." —@POTUS on Hillary https://t.co/I9BQB3PJvD
Danny Williams and his wife Leah lost their home after Trump University took advantage of them. https://t.co/FEaQAToJuC
California made the right call: Every worker should be treated with dignity and receive the benefits they've earned. https://t.co/hcw2eSekoG
It’s literally right here: https://t.co/jxNWmHVuES https://t.co/1qlok816tO
A man’s role in child care, according to Donald Trump: https://t.co/iY1wa9L0Gn
How pay-to-play works:

1. Trump faces possible investigation
2. Trump gives $$ to AG
3. Investigation never happens https://t.co/jbavsfconU
Trump and Pence's courting of white supremacists isn't a game: It's normalizing racism. And it's deplorable. https://t.co/91UqoXW7Z6
Proud to mark 22 years of the Violence Against Women Act. Our work isn't done until women in every community are safe from violence.
"He’s spent most of his life trying to stay as far away from working people as he could.” —@POTUS on Trump https://t.co/zhjJQuMX7X
"Donald Trump says stuff every day that used to be considered as disqualifying for being president." —@POTUS https://t.co/1b8ZjmZuXr
"America is not about ‘yes, he will.' It's about ‘yes, we can.'" —@POTUS: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
"The bottom line is that we cannot afford suddenly to treat this like a reality show.” —@POTUS on the media’s coverage of Donald Trump
"You don't grade the presidency on a curve. This is serious business.” —@POTUS
"We cannot take this election for granted. We’ve got to fight for this thing.” —@POTUS: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
“She knows that love trumps hate.” —@POTUS on Hillary
"If you want higher wages, better benefits...then you should be voting for Hillary Clinton." —@POTUS: https://t.co/fDBrzSsM1Y
“Then there’s the other guy, Donald Trump. Don’t boo, vote!” —@POTUS: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
"I believe there has never been a man or woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as our president." —@POTUS
“A leader who's got real plans to break down barriers and blast through glass ceilings." —@POTUS on Hillary: https://t.co/fNppatvJ41
"Can I just say, I am really into electing Hillary Clinton. This is not me just going through the motions here.” —@POTUS
"The choice that you make, that we make, just 8 weeks from today, will determine the direction of this country for a long time.” —@POTUS
"We lifted 3.5 million people out of poverty. That's the largest one-year drop in poverty since 1968.” —@POTUS
"Even though I have run my last campaign, I am going to work as hard as I can this fall to elect Hillary Clinton." —@POTUS
"I could not be prouder of the leader we have nominated to take my place.” —@POTUS on Hillary
With just 56 days until Election Day, @POTUS is back out on the trail for Hillary in Philly. Watch live: https://t.co/TJr8lLVbDS
As Muslims celebrate Eid al-Adha—a festival of sacrifice, charity, &amp; feeding the poor—let's reflect on those shared values. Eid Mubarak! -H
Pay-To-Play: The act of making a donation to a politician so they'll help you out. See: Donald Trump. https://t.co/BrEDwdZoPe
"It just seems that the economy does better under the Democrats than the Republicans." —Donald Trump, March 2004 https://t.co/rKW1wpaDNk
7 questions we have about the Trump Foundation (and how Donald used it to stop investigations into his fraud): https://t.co/3YdytDZDek
The @NCAA is right to pull tournament games from North Carolina because of the anti-LGBT HB2 law. Discrimination has no place in America. -H
Trump says "you can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion for its citizens."

What Trump's also said: https://t.co/uDUUgpSW8z
Only one candidate in this race has a plan to tackle these issues. See how her plan would help you: https://t.co/tdZGd8KJq3
A quick search of Trump’s website shows the top mentions of “student debt” and “college” are attacks—not solutions. https://t.co/6H70vXs9c1
Student debt and the cost of college are incredibly important.

Why isn’t Donald Trump talking about these issues?
Student debt is a major drag on our economy, and it's holding people back from moving forward with life. https://t.co/XdjEjJ2CaM
We also need to tackle the student debt crisis and help those like @jbrotherston who have already borrowed. https://t.co/JR48LtIno4
The cost of attending HBCUs should never prevent @_bxddxss—or anyone—from attending one: https://t.co/dexkwGKhXm https://t.co/XxxIA2hqit
Paying for college doesn't end at tuition, so we need to help students pay for other costs like books and housing. https://t.co/6S4QDivoW1
.@sspiderboy's worries are all-too-common. We need to make attending a community college completely tuition free. https://t.co/fwZz7Yujml
We’ll make in-state colleges and universities tuition-free for families making under $125,000/year.

That'll help more than 80% of families.
We need to make college debt-free. You shouldn't have to take out loans (or more drastic measures) to attend college https://t.co/Z1k6gqfg53
Young people say two things:
✓ College is too expensive
✓ Student debt is crushing them

We’re going to help them: https://t.co/WFCeDBZNxS
Your student debt collector would really like you not to vote for Hillary. https://t.co/ihgnBFtCtA https://t.co/cEdleJFcE9
The Trump Foundation: "an arrangement worked out for maximum benefit at minimum sacrifice.” https://t.co/y0bY1efHwL
If you won’t say the KKK is deplorable, you have no business running the country. https://t.co/mFut8Qrz9A
"You can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion for its citizens." —Donald Trump

About that. https://t.co/pij0atGrgK
Like anyone who’s ever been home sick from work, I’m just anxious to get back out there. See you on the trail soon. -H
Thanks to everyone who’s reached out with well wishes! I’m feeling fine and getting better. -H
Debt shouldn't hold people back from going to college.

Let's make sure it doesn’t. https://t.co/Y9Q5eveR2N https://t.co/xOQHVsVmj1
Trump's calling for trillion dollar tax cuts for Wall Street.

It's time for them to pay their fair share. https://t.co/y8vyESIOES
Whether you have student debt or you're preparing for school, see how much our college plan could save you. https://t.co/gdzzORlqyW
The reporting on Hillary's emails has left the basis of facts and veered into dangerous territory. https://t.co/ycp0KW7LZL
Introducing our college calculator: Find out how much Hillary's plan could save you or your family on student loans. https://t.co/nG8sti3EOV
Trump uses his foundation to pay for things with other people's money. https://t.co/y0bY1efHwL https://t.co/e9cwP7RPul
We'll never forget the horror of September 11, 2001. Today, let's honor the lives and tremendous spirit of the victims and responders. -H
"Trump spent $20,000 of money earmarked for charitable purposes to buy a six-foot-tall painting of himself.” https://t.co/y0bY1efHwL
"The story has vastly exceeded the boundaries of the facts." —@WashingtonPost on the reporting on Hillary's emails https://t.co/ycp0KW7LZL
Remember: If he becomes president, Donald Trump would have the U.S. economy in his hands. https://t.co/y0bY1efHwL https://t.co/l93i7QWXPo
Except for African Americans, Muslims, Latinos, immigrants, women, veterans—and any so-called "losers" or "dummies." https://t.co/rbBg2rXZdm
"I won't stop calling out bigotry and racist rhetoric in this campaign." —Hillary https://t.co/C3Z7GybJ53
Hillary on the faith that drives her: "Do all the good you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can." https://t.co/lJH7FVc1wa
Our next president needs to do everything possible to make life a little easier for working parents. https://t.co/uadk9gd9Xa
"Women are seen through a different lens." —Hillary to @HumansofNY https://t.co/M9k19V7gd9
Thank you for being so brave, Astrid. I’m going to do everything I can to keep families like yours together. -H https://t.co/ZmFdi427vX
We can’t let Trump’s “manifest unfitness for office” become normal. We need to hold him accountable. https://t.co/ycp0KW7LZL
When Hillary talks about needing more love and kindness in our lives, this is what she means. https://t.co/F9jMEDy00A
Join @SarahEMcBride and activists across the country in supporting LGBT rights this November: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
At the 2016 DNC, @HRC Press Secretary @SarahEMcBride became the first openly trans person to speak at a convention. https://t.co/pdYSvHDVfJ
Appalling behavior from Wells Fargo. This is exactly why we need a strong @CFPB—and can't let Trump dismantle it. https://t.co/tTA2jz7unf
Let's send Donald Trump a powerful message on Election Day. 

https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm #LoveTrumpsHate https://t.co/lVvhZhDdP9
Women like Elaine served our country and blazed a trail for others to follow. They've earned our highest honors. https://t.co/ysKrzLrdYc
North Korea’s decision to conduct another nuclear test is outrageous and unacceptable. https://t.co/i8h9j2oiIC
Watch live as @ElizabethForMA campaigns for Hillary in Philadelphia → https://t.co/n9m2rk9iCQ https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
If you want to see what corruption actually looks like, this is it. https://t.co/tBfL0J82Tz https://t.co/Fc9U2cmlU8
This is what a comprehensive (not "secret") counterterrorism plan looks like. https://t.co/QgVruA4rQA
We can only confront a challenge like Zika when we come together. It's time for Republicans to fund this fight: https://t.co/9jNGrpj5Nt -H
If you've ever wondered what Hillary's like as a friend, you could ask Janelle. https://t.co/t6egqFasOK
Making the wrong choice on climate change would be a disaster for our kids and grandkids. https://t.co/dhc0OABqml
The next time Trump throws a tantrum, picture him in the Situation Room making life-or-death decisions for us. https://t.co/YjyAe2IMzr
The most important quality in a president and Commander-in-Chief is steadiness—an absolute, rock solid steadiness. https://t.co/QwQBzZc0xb
Unlike Trump's, this plan to defeat ISIS isn’t a “secret.” https://t.co/vJq6LUMuPW
We need a president who will do justice, love kindness, and walk humbly. https://t.co/m1814vekWO
We need a president who understands that none of us has all the answers and no one person can fix our problems alone.
"Everyone here...has stumbled on their own stony roads. It’s grace that lifts us up, grace that leads us home.” —Hillary to the @nbcusa_inc
"Humility is not something you hear much about in politics, is it? But we should. None of us is perfect." —Hillary
Do all the good you can,
for all the people you can,
in all the ways you can,
for as long as you can. https://t.co/d0KRFBYW98
This election is too important for anyone to sit on the sidelines.

Make sure your friends are registered to vote. https://t.co/tTgeqy51PU
Let's beat back the assault on voting rights—a blast from the Jim Crow past that must be stopped.

We should expand voting rights instead.
Every child should be able to live up to their God-given potential, no matter where they come from, what they look like, or who they love.
Together, we’ll face head-on the reality of systemic racism and work to reform our criminal justice system. https://t.co/ZdPJoscLBX
Rosa Parks opened up every seat on the bus—now it’s our job to create more good jobs so everyone can afford the fare.
None of us can sit back while the epidemic of gun violence ravages our country. https://t.co/PSLPh3Ihnt
We have to work together to make sure every child has clean water to drink and air to breathe and good schools, no matter their zip code.
"Thank you for loving all people, especially 'the least, the last, and the lost' among us." —Hillary to the @nbcusa_inc
Anyone who looks at the African American community and sees only poverty, crime, and despair is missing so much. https://t.co/qdx99XN9nG
Hillary’s talking to @nbcusa_inc about her faith live in Kansas City. Watch here: https://t.co/nhX3lDn3Eb
7 ways Donald Trump proved he’s not ready to be Commander-in-Chief (in less than 30 minutes): https://t.co/iwW6bqyxP5
Hillary chats favorite books, handling criticism, and life on the trail in episode 3 of With Her. Listen here 🎧 : https://t.co/3t2bb1d1mT
At last night's forum, Trump disrespected our generals, our country, and women in the military—but he praised Putin. https://t.co/I08j5ap1DX
We can build a future where we’re stronger together. That’s who we are as Americans. Text JOIN to 47246 to get involved.
"As your Commander-in-Chief, I will not trash our country’s most cherished values. I will defend them.” —Hillary
We’re going to guarantee equal pay for women. It is long overdue. https://t.co/BXLf58T6nE
What’s the best way to stand up for voting rights? Get registered: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
Hillary’s speaking in North Carolina on her vision to build an economy that works for everyone. Tune in: https://t.co/5VPr9qVgkv
Before Hillary, the last Democrat the @DallasNews endorsed was FDR: https://t.co/4Phexk1OOG
Last night, Trump chose to talk about his deep admiration and support for Putin.

Maybe he did it with a smile. https://t.co/IjcqT5Z4KZ
The next time Donald Trump throws a temper tantrum, imagine if he had the nuclear codes. https://t.co/m11adVj9v8
“I love this country. I will serve it with my entire heart, mind, and soul.” —Hillary on the tarmac to reporters
There's only one candidate in this election who's ready to be America's Commander-in-Chief. https://t.co/NarHADLKi2
Imagine this man in charge of our men and women in uniform. https://t.co/IyZ3kBGBzm
Actually, that’s just what taking the office of President seriously looks like. https://t.co/Pyn92mesom
Donald Trump is unqualified and totally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.

You can stop him. Register to vote today: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
Text QUALIFIED to 47246 if you agree there was only one candidate tonight who showed she's ready to be the next president.
Donald Trump could be our next Commander-in-Chief.

Chip in to make sure it never happens: https://t.co/GbWxtTLvDe #NBCNewsForum
"It is a correct tweet." —Donald Trump, just now #NBCNewsForum  https://t.co/EyNuOmY8oF
The worst part is, this isn’t the first time Donald Trump has praised Russia and Putin. #NBCNewsForum https://t.co/N6ySNILYMx
“I have a very good brain.” —Donald Trump on his foreign policy advisors

(Himself.) https://t.co/48MePwjHh9
Tonight, Trump is going to try and claim he's ready to be Commander-in-Chief. The facts say otherwise. 

Follow @TheBriefing2016 to see why.
Not every wound can be seen. Our veterans deserve the best mental health services we can give. #NBCNewsForum https://t.co/vHoPy09BvC
We need to do everything we can to remove barriers to the health care our veterans need—whether physical or mental. #NBCNewsForum
"I will not let the VA be privatized." —Hillary https://t.co/FRkf6AnS2f #NBCNewsForum
Hillary has spent decades fighting for veterans, members of the military, and their families. https://t.co/GJ0NmH6hYn #NBCNewsForum
Our next Commander-in-Chief needs to have the steadiness, strength, and judgment to make life and death decisions. https://t.co/UV6XBW7GCM
It takes experience, toughness, and a steady temperament to be our Commander-in-Chief. #NBCNewsForum https://t.co/d5m0pXRMQG
Donald Trump has proven over and over again that he's unfit to be our Commander-in-Chief. https://t.co/uLoHJdzXte
Tonight, Americans will hear what Trump would do as Commander-in-Chief.

Here are 5 reasons he's unfit for the job: https://t.co/1SfNIW8Y3Q
A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons. https://t.co/qZ3Z10cqKN
A man who talks about our veterans and military families like this doesn't deserve to be Commander-in-Chief. https://t.co/4s6SvAAyNA
The U.S. presidency isn't an entry-level job.

How Hillary's time as our secretary of state shows she's ready: https://t.co/6akMEX6pRs
Did Trump use his charitable foundation to prevent a state attorney general from investigating his fraud? https://t.co/MZdZDzimY4
.@POTUS, @madeleine, and Leon Panetta agree: Hillary's one of the best secretaries of state we've had. https://t.co/UV6XBW7GCM
We can't afford a president who would sabotage our efforts to fight climate change. https://t.co/bvya51W44z
Donald Trump doesn't "know why" African Americans would be offended that he pushed the "birther" conspiracy: https://t.co/IY4xocgveh
When our SEALs took out bin Laden, they brought the terrorists' families to safety first. That's American honor. https://t.co/QV5zDf2iAg
The @DallasNews hasn't endorsed a Democrat for president since before WWII. Here's why it's endorsing Hillary: https://t.co/lMhufMDjFk
World leaders on why Hillary's tenure as secretary of state prepared her to be president: https://t.co/ROD8Jh50aV
"I know more about ISIS than the generals do." —Donald Trump

No, you don't. https://t.co/6tFKlsqyyk
If Donald Trump doesn't show all Americans the respect they deserve, he doesn't deserve to be their president. https://t.co/mDBewdAYLU
Enter to win a signed copy of Hillary and Tim's new book! https://t.co/j5hq0SqGlG
"I think I've made a lot of sacrifices." —Trump's response to the parents of Humayun Khan, who died serving in Iraq https://t.co/B3Av1YtocK
We should be helping more immigrant families stay together, not tearing them apart. https://t.co/BGU5uxx06g
"Clinton’s proposals would revolutionize how we treat young children in America.” https://t.co/vdJ9DuNINc
Donald Trump has a problem looking at someone different from himself and actually seeing them. https://t.co/LddoXYkBsf
We can take on the threat of climate change and make America a clean energy superpower.

Or, we can do nothing. https://t.co/JlYmN61epB
Vote this year like your future depends on it—because it does: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
"I call on all Republicans to put people before politics and finally vote on a clean funding bill to fight Zika right here in Florida."
Donald Trump is totally unfit and unqualified to be president of the United States: https://t.co/Ozc1g9BJO0
Trump says he “knows more about ISIS than the generals do.”

Not only is that wrong, it's disrespectful to our men and women in uniform.
Right now, too many Americans are being held back by student debt.

We’ve got to fix that: https://t.co/ds1LK4CPxh
Anybody working full-time should not be living in poverty. It’s time to raise the minimum wage. https://t.co/o3fMNv77ai
In America, we don't say, “I alone can fix it.”

We say, "We'll fix it together.” https://t.co/rKkXeL6c5X
We’re going to make our economy grow, but we’re also going to make it fair. Here’s how: https://t.co/xIbkccCzWi
"I want to be a president for all Americans, not just for some Americans; Democrats, Republicans, Independents." —Hillary
The stakes in this campaign couldn’t be higher. Make sure you’re registered to vote: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
63 days left.

Watch live as Hillary hits the trail in Tampa → https://t.co/LZD1Asr7TS
Only one candidate in this race is standing up for working families. Take a look: https://t.co/24KUrmW0zH
Our veterans and military families deserve better. https://t.co/zhM6TSiSzc
Today, we'll hear Trump talk about our veterans.

Our new ad on what they've been hearing from Trump for months: https://t.co/nG2oTwOclR
"The essence of his campaign is bigotry." —@BernieSanders on Donald Trump in New Hampshire https://t.co/2eqNAvMvmv
Unions have had the backs of working families for decades. Now they need to know we have theirs. https://t.co/lqxCtdZuLM
"Human rights are women's rights, and women's rights are human rights." —Hillary in Beijing, 21 years ago today https://t.co/T46TNfDikW
Sec. of Labor Frances Perkins was our first woman cabinet member and an architect of the Fair Labor Standards Act. https://t.co/T6SXpU9oOm
One candidate would stand up for workers and their families. The other? Not so much. https://t.co/EtDBJgyNX7
Unions gave us higher wages, weekends, and the largest middle class in the world. That's worth celebrating &amp; protecting. Happy #LaborDay! -H
.@iamwill Yes. https://t.co/8tfBTtpZFN
Unions stand up for workers who need someone to have their backs. We need a president who will do the same. https://t.co/0OpO5kCyyg
If you're a fan of weekends, thank a union member. https://t.co/RUF2UtG2sM
There's going to be no one left in Washington for Trump to work with who he hasn’t insulted. https://t.co/rW6ZWJTNoR
Astonishing that the Republican nominee still refuses to acknowledge that @POTUS was born in the United States. https://t.co/i4GPAi0klY
We have a new @Tumblr! Check out letters to Hillary from Americans around the country at https://t.co/gmfVm5q0si https://t.co/0LOja02ENX
"That’s a special thing about Hillary—when there’s a job worth doing, she doesn’t abandon it." —President Carter https://t.co/6JYbmzWeGy
Thanks, @POTUS, for reaffirming the law to protect women's health—whichever provider you choose. https://t.co/e4o34UDvJc
Even before his hateful speech this week, Trump has never been vague about his feelings toward immigrants. https://t.co/5VqZYpmmy3
A reminder as America officially joins the Paris climate agreement.

We can’t stop there: https://t.co/RRy44trUGH https://t.co/mrL3oo1Fg6
Donald Trump's pattern of prejudice and discrimination started long before he was a presidential candidate. https://t.co/fTUwCuRkVv
Donald Trump's plan on immigration has been clear all along: demonize immigrants, "build a wall," deport millions. https://t.co/uSSd7XigYp
America needs leadership in the White House, not a liability. https://t.co/dnhGjfKMRx https://t.co/JnwS6k6SSC
When Ruline was born in 1913, women couldn't vote.

In 2016, she'll cast her vote to elect the 1st woman president. https://t.co/QSCZI7JbrV
Drug companies should never put profits before patients. Our plan to stop excessive prescription drug price hikes: https://t.co/2MdTyJ3Xti
Trump and his hateful language are affecting our kids. These are some of the heartbreaking things they're saying: https://t.co/DWCluAKJUd
The worst part is, Trump's disturbing policies for immigrant families go way beyond just "building a wall." https://t.co/szrTF9eB0E
As a candidate, Trump has already embarrassed us on the world stage.

Imagine the damage he'd do as president. https://t.co/nmOVOboTYf
The disastrous Mexico wall trip: a case study in the Trump school of diplomacy. https://t.co/Nza7IYN1pu
So, how did Donald Trump's first swing at diplomacy go? Not so great.

Try to follow his decision-making process: https://t.co/nLpVoJICv1
Turns out, hosting Miss Universe pageants abroad doesn't equate to diplomatic skills. https://t.co/qsra0EJnyI
It took Donald Trump exactly one foreign policy trip to get rebuked by a leader of an ally nation. https://t.co/yGWzjldtZY
If Trump needs help with diplomacy, he could learn a lot from our last secretary of state. https://t.co/wrAPHGr7oq
Born Sept. 1, 1933, former TX Gov. Ann Richards opened doors for women and minorities in her own state and beyond. https://t.co/K1h1Hcdgjq
"There will be no softening whatsoever." —the @WashingtonPost on Trump's most alarming immigration speech yet https://t.co/RxuZC8hWzy
This choice couldn't be starker. https://t.co/9msdztcXbE
"Trump, the self-proclaimed tough negotiator, not only choked but openly lied about choking." https://t.co/lDCNMIpP7r
"He’s causing nations to wonder if we’ll actually keep our word.” —@JoeBiden on Donald Trump: https://t.co/Xf3OPFMOo9
"I'm so sick and tired of people like Trump...saying we get 'paid too much.'" —@JoeBiden in Ohio: https://t.co/zMPLqxzsTY
Tune in now to watch @JoeBiden hit the trail for Hillary in Ohio: https://t.co/FjCws9BTYy
Trump's extreme immigration speech got rave reviews—from white supremacists, the alt-right, and Ann Coulter. https://t.co/TeYcDQeYCg
Donald Trump could actually be our next president. Chip in before midnight to make sure that never happens: https://t.co/whE5Bls0pq
There is no other Donald Trump. This is it. https://t.co/oQJdlUJv0u
We are not going to criminalize, profile, round up, and deport 16 million people. https://t.co/oCAAusi5dx
Trump just failed his first foreign test. Diplomacy isn't as easy as it looks. -H
A wall that Mexico will pay for: a bad idea from an even worse negotiator. https://t.co/RZfOKe45RO
"It turns out Trump didn't just choke, he got beat in the room and lied about it." —@JohnPodesta https://t.co/YgGN3HG7Hx
“I will never lie to you.” —Donald Trump, August 18, 2016 https://t.co/O1GwI0FhzA
Great news for North Carolinians. Let's make voting easier so every voice in our democracy can be heard. -H https://t.co/EK0ziD99rl
Trump has vilified Mexicans and immigrants since day one of his campaign. That's not what America stands for. https://t.co/dDubrEuOLm
"We are building a wall. He's a Mexican!” —Donald Trump, June 3, 2016 https://t.co/uSSd7XigYp
As Trump meets with President Peña Nieto, a helpful refresher on some of the things he’s said about Mexico: https://t.co/AltRQdTtGt
"They have to go."

Trump has been perfectly clear about his intentions for millions of immigrants. https://t.co/kZ6hdDWrFt
Our veterans deserve our thanks. You deserve a country that honors your service, not just with words but with deeds. https://t.co/Hi5VK3rrlJ
50 GOP national security experts said they will not vote for Trump because he would be “the most reckless president in American history.”
Too many veterans and their families aren’t getting the mental health services they need. Our plan to fix that: https://t.co/sb8i2wu8wt
"I will never, ever disrespect Gold Star families who’ve made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation or prisoners of war.” —Hillary
The last thing we need is a president who brings more name-calling and temper tantrums to Washington.
"I completely reject anyone, including my opponent, who calls the American military a 'disaster.'" —Hillary to the @AmericanLegion
We can’t cozy up to dictators; we have to stand up to them.

We can’t contain ISIS; we must defeat it. And we will.
Getting countries to work together takes more than trying to make up for a year of insults by dropping in for a few hours, then flying home.
American leadership means standing with our allies, because our network of allies is part of what makes us exceptional.
“No matter how great the challenge, America must lead.” —Hillary to the @AmericanLegion https://t.co/byKmrx9XZy
.@GovChristie, vetoing a minimum wage increase is a blow to working families. No one who works full-time should have to live in poverty. -H
We're still 2.5 million away from reaching our August fundraising goal. Chip in by midnight and get a free sticker: https://t.co/wa1BxN66Ol
A big, beautiful list of literally every tweet Donald Trump has sent about Mexico over the last two years. https://t.co/WCKL7oNdpg
"From the first days of his campaign, Donald Trump has painted Mexicans as 'rapists' and criminals." https://t.co/kwu8TJynrM
What you need to know about the "alt-right" and @realDonaldTrump's connections to white supremacy and hate groups: https://t.co/JfQLDRP8dZ
Trump loves his "Make America Great Again" hat a lot for a guy who outsourced jobs to 12 different countries. https://t.co/5MZTsOgYR9
Trump's plan:
1. Round up and deport every single undocumented immigrant
2. Build a concrete wall

An alternative: https://t.co/RCou5SMZPI
60% of adults experiencing mental health illnesses are untreated. It's time to close the treatment gap. https://t.co/9QIUUpOd26
Eight reasons why you shouldn't need a four-year degree to have a successful career: https://t.co/QhJE8VdLWT
The @ClintonFdn is saving lives around the world. https://t.co/jxl9vQ68lk
Mike Pence’s governorship has been devastating to Indiana women. Just ask one of them: https://t.co/nu0DSiPQNf
We're facing the highest suicide rate in 30 years. Let's make sure every family can access mental health treatment. https://t.co/wg0K9WXWuD
Give the Trump family a huge tax cut or take care of our veterans? Not a hard choice. https://t.co/en3lDEN7ME https://t.co/CP4pEz14ln
Big victory from the @NLRB for workers' right to organize for fair wages and benefits. https://t.co/GKkVTWm6S6 https://t.co/VfXv3kTGBC
It's time to finally put access to care for mental health on par with physical health. https://t.co/SgMYIpi1Ac
The choice in November: a president with real plans to combat climate change—or one who calls it a hoax. https://t.co/tc5AokipbC
Donald Trump: Make ________
Bangladesh
China
India
Indonesia
Vietnam
Mexico
Slovenia
Great Again? https://t.co/5MZTsOgYR9
Qumber's parents came to this country for the American Dream. Trump is a threat to all they've achieved: https://t.co/YYXwtX2b4b
Too many Americans living with mental illness have been left to face it on their own. https://t.co/KyCFVylvB8 https://t.co/rayf9ADJKl
Trump talks about enacting extreme policy ideas that hurt Americans. 

His VP pick has actually done it. https://t.co/q3p5XFENI5
Charity Watch called the @ClintonFdn "one of the great humanitarian charities of our generation." https://t.co/YqAIhcmI2P
Dear Donald: You can't make America great again when you don't make things in America.
https://t.co/5MZTsOyzIH
We have some questions about this letter from Donald Trump's doctor. https://t.co/0wd7ZSAUxw
Trump's housing company would mark black renters' applications with a "C" for "colored"—then reject them. https://t.co/HzOwQNrnKi
"The right to vote is still the most powerful nonviolent tool of transformation we have." —@RepJohnLewis https://t.co/l0cGUBNlOK
We're stronger together—and the diversity of our athletes in Rio proved it.
https://t.co/YYflz51Y9Y
When Trump was starting in business, he was sued by the Justice Department for refusing to rent to black tenants. https://t.co/k3Ga8jvHSu
53 years ago, Dr. King told us his dream. Today, let's recommit ourselves to the march toward equality for all. https://t.co/YNicCxIZrU -H
Hillary's small business plan:
✓ cut paperwork
✓ improve funding access
✓ save businesses $
https://t.co/9qnsPZ5JXZ https://t.co/fi4rGU5oAZ
Families across America are feeling the strain from prescription drug price-gouging. Here's how we'll take this on: https://t.co/FOTswQ6lXT
Helping small businesses succeed is about more than policy—it's personal. https://t.co/mHmnin9sOR https://t.co/x0HTkkomBQ
You can learn a lot about a person by the company they keep.

Here's some of the company Trump keeps: https://t.co/1CjVayZG54
Happy National Dog Day! https://t.co/qmpQsNQxGL
Making it easier to live the American Dream means making it easier to start and grow a small business.
https://t.co/mOSa1W5Pyl
Daughter, business owner, and immigrant: Meet Luisa—chaser of the American Dream.
https://t.co/yhGwROb937
Happy #WomensEqualityDay from @realDonaldTrump. https://t.co/YfUdtygL4h
So what has the @ClintonFdn been up to? Helping millions of people get more affordable medicine to treat HIV/AIDS.
https://t.co/fhwF7iKUXp
Yes, @realDonaldTrump really did say all of these hateful things. https://t.co/gEvIU8Ugmc
On #WomensEqualityDay, celebrate your right to vote by making sure you're ready to exercise it: https://t.co/oQJdlV15S2
Even as we celebrate the 19th Amendment, remember the struggle for voting rights continued for women of color. That fight continues today.
On this day in 1920, the 19th Amendment was adopted and many women won the right to vote. Let's break more ceilings. https://t.co/AGskZ5jhfK
We've made our union more perfect because people refused to be kept on the sidelines. Onward. #WomensEqualityDay
https://t.co/QugGOqb2yl
Countless women fought to win the right to vote. On the anniversary of the 19th Amendment's adoption, let's recommit to protecting it. -H
Republican leaders should take a look at who they're standing with. https://t.co/1sXhWgXx02
Donald Trump’s campaign of prejudice and paranoia is unlike anything we’ve seen—and it’s profoundly dangerous. https://t.co/av4EtesW6l
Trump's bigoted rhetoric and policy proposals aren't a dog whistle. We hear him loud and clear.
https://t.co/fPLy9wtTrM
It's not a coincidence that white supremacists proudly support Trump. https://t.co/3OX4I1GSkr
Trump asked what the African American community has to lose by voting for him. @MarlonDMarshall's response: https://t.co/ZJtX7d49bM
@Lesdoggg, no one deserves this—least of all someone who brings us so much joy. I'm with you. -H
Trump says he wants to "make America great again," but his real message remains “make America hate again.” https://t.co/7u3h7PSIXZ
This election is too important for anyone to sit out.

Text JOIN to 47246 or go to https://t.co/L7Dd6Uu8yR. Let’s go win this, together.
Our rising generation of young Americans is the most open, diverse, and connected we’ve ever seen.
"Every day, more Americans are standing up and saying 'enough is enough'—including a lot of Republicans. I’m honored to have their support."
In 2008, John McCain told his own supporters that Barack Obama is an American citizen and "a decent person."
The week after 9/11, George W. Bush went to a mosque and declared for everyone to hear that Muslims 'love America just as much as I do.'
20 years ago, when Bob Dole accepted the Republican nomination, he pointed to the exits and told any racists in the Party to get out.
There’s an old Mexican proverb that says “Tell me with whom you walk, and I will tell you who you are.”

We know who Trump is.
A fringe element has effectively taken over Trump’s campaign and the Republican Party. https://t.co/vJNBtpjpde
Trump hired the head of Breitbart "News" to be CEO of his campaign. Here's a sample of their work: https://t.co/y8loOnkbNu
Trump likes to say he only hires the "best people," but he’s had to fire so many campaign managers it’s like an episode of the Apprentice.
Trump would ban every Muslim around the world—1.5 billion men, women, and children—from entering the U.S. just because of their religion.
Trump would abolish this bedrock constitutional principle: if you’re born in the U.S., you’re an American citizen. https://t.co/JYJqHhMjsK
Trump would form an armed deportation force to round up millions of immigrants and kick them out of the country. https://t.co/UNOvmzzaDO
Look at the policies Trump has proposed—they would put prejudice into practice. https://t.co/2AJqkb8JUs
Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president of the United States.
Someone as detached from reality as Donald Trump should never be in charge of making decisions that are as real as they come.
Trump suggested that Ted Cruz’s father was involved in the Kennedy assassination.

Of course there’s absolutely no evidence of that.
Trump claimed that thousands of American Muslims in New Jersey cheered the 9/11 attacks.

They didn’t. https://t.co/mrFBlDza6y
When Donald Trump was asked about anti-Semitic slurs and death threats coming from his supporters, he refused to condemn them.
Trump refused to disavow the support of David Duke, a notorious former leader of the Ku Klux Klan. https://t.co/PD8bNwuS3c
Trump famously posted an anti-Semitic graphic that first appeared on a white supremacist website. https://t.co/JgH87OylQC
Trump retweets white supremacists. He took a fringe bigot and spread his message to 11 million people. https://t.co/dEv9EdvXtJ
If Donald Trump doesn’t respect all Americans, how can he serve all Americans? https://t.co/Sp8nKxlocd
In 2015, Trump launched his own campaign for president by describing Mexican immigrants as rapists and criminals. https://t.co/uSSd7XigYp
Trump first gained political prominence promoting the racist lie that President Obama isn’t really an American. https://t.co/WPM1I9PPN3
State regulators fined one of Trump’s casinos for repeatedly removing black dealers from the floor.
When Trump was getting his start in business, he was sued by the Justice Dept. for refusing to rent apartments to black and Latino tenants.
Trump is reinforcing harmful stereotypes and offering a dog whistle to his most hateful supporters.
Donald Trump has built his campaign on prejudice and paranoia. He’s taking hate groups mainstream.
"Everywhere I go, people tell me how concerned they are by the divisive rhetoric coming from my opponent in this election." —Hillary
Live from Reno: Hillary discusses why @realDonaldTrump's divisive rhetoric is so dangerous to our future → https://t.co/ha9uCsizby
Longtime Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke supports Donald Trump because they share so many of the same values. https://t.co/XuXznBEslA
America has a lot to lose by electing Trump. But there’s one group in particular who has everything to gain. https://t.co/A6DFHnMOjd
Why do so many Ku Klux Klan members support Trump?

"A lot of what he believes, we believe in." https://t.co/AqB3DLKL9f
Thank you to the Orlando Health and Florida Hospital for showing empathy and kindness in the face of hate. -H https://t.co/2RODu7Y5bn
There's a reason the most hateful fringe of the right wing is supporting Donald Trump.
https://t.co/AqB3DM2m0N
"He is taking a hate movement mainstream. He has brought it into his campaign." —Hillary to @andersoncooper on Trump
8 things you can do *today* to help elect Hillary: https://t.co/fFpvl62RMB
FACT: The @ClintonFdn helps 11.5 million people with HIV/AIDS worldwide get their medication. https://t.co/wMAHC4u5RB
Thinking about the people of both Italy and Myanmar as they respond to today's earthquakes. My heart goes out to the victims’ families. -H
Indiana organizer Hillary Rodham in 1976. Join her team: https://t.co/lJ4B5ZA92K https://t.co/cKu4LUhwzQ
EpiPens can be the difference between life and death. There's no justification for these price hikes. https://t.co/O6RbVR6Qim -H
A message from Hillary to young women everywhere: https://t.co/6xfdyQ3H4Y https://t.co/eEOcd3VsXi
It's HFA Volunteer Day, and we're looking for 50,000 volunteers. Help us get there—find your friends on Facebook: https://t.co/ggUNnLHE4B
"No matter how daunting the odds, she never—ever—quits. That is the Hillary I know." —@POTUS
https://t.co/2EpcMtnTXR
Why would we give Trump's family a $4 billion tax cut when we could use that money to fix 8,000 bridges? https://t.co/fwD8O8o7eS
The gender wage gap is even wider for women of color.

It's time to ensure equal pay. #BlackWomensEqualPay https://t.co/CLRq4Qq4iZ
Small businesses are the backbone of our economy. We should focus on supporting them—not stiffing them. https://t.co/mHmnin9sOR
On average, it takes black women until today to catch up to white men's 2015 earnings. Time to close the pay gap. https://t.co/5eYBD4Y7Mr
We heard Trump's demonizing comments on immigrants loud and clear the first time. And the second, third, fourth ...
https://t.co/uSSd7X0FzP
Tune in to watch Hillary on @JimmyKimmelLive, 11:35 ET/10:35 CT. https://t.co/drQevoF879
Donald Trump's economic plan is rigged so rich people like him get tax cuts at the expense of everybody else. https://t.co/D0oOe5TVHC
Have a beer with @TimKaine in the second episode of With Her, the official campaign podcast. Listen here: https://t.co/3B2EmKpQ1M
The stories behind some of the history-making women of @TeamUSA. https://t.co/S61LuCyMje https://t.co/dybz3cAJsg
“If I have the opportunity, I’ll do whatever I can to make things a little easier for you." —Hillary to young women https://t.co/6xfdyQ3H4Y
Cheryl lost her husband in Iraq. Then Trump's company targeted her and scammed her out of $35,000. https://t.co/Wjz6zohMIT
In times of crisis, America depends on steady leadership, clear thinking, and calm judgment. https://t.co/Tpo3Sp7Ri1
.@TimKaine takes the mic in the latest episode of With Her, the official campaign podcast. Subscribe &amp; listen here: https://t.co/IIzDVOt3r4
One wrong move can be the difference between life and death when you're president.
https://t.co/Tpo3Spps9z
The best way to help Louisianans affected by terrible flooding is to make sure they have the resources they need: https://t.co/lVjQXLZnV8
"Everything I say I'm going to do, folks, I do." —@realDonaldTrump

Here's why that's a disaster for our economy: https://t.co/KYzPrHnMHv
This week, Donald Trump made a shockingly ignorant pitch to African American voters. https://t.co/acxeolbsuv
“Her mastery of issues and detail is unlike any politician I’ve met." —@WIRED's editor-in-chief on Hillary https://t.co/GcA4lJiLbb
Hillary met with Miami doctors to discuss the public health challenge of treating and preventing Zika.
https://t.co/kYPvsWiMDq
Congrats to Flint, Michigan's @ClaressaShields on her second Olympic gold medal for @TeamUSA. https://t.co/u2RA7GoDiy
Donald Trump’s new message to African American voters isn’t just inaccurate. It’s outrageous. https://t.co/gozfbXa6Uw
If you were president, how would you spend $4 billion? 
 
(One guess as to Trump's answer: https://t.co/9wj6zlbB7j)
There is so much more that unites us than divides us. That's why we're the greatest country on Earth. https://t.co/6uZVP0tjK9
This lifelong Republican wrote a letter to his daughter about why he's voting for Hillary this November: https://t.co/iqmnZaR7xN
It's too late now to say sorry, Donald. https://t.co/TWj7QwEfVh
If you dream it, you should be able to build it. https://t.co/uArcPunfFy https://t.co/qKg0MOHVBv
This choice is pretty straightforward. https://t.co/8D3Og1UM14 https://t.co/1pbwefsVLy
Donald Trump has shown us who he is. We should believe him. https://t.co/TWj7QwEfVh
Trump’s tax plan could give his own family a $4 billion tax break. Here's what we could do with that money instead: https://t.co/89rNgjYcGk
Let's send Donald Trump a message in November: We're not going back. https://t.co/85ovKr3y2x
"I don't regret anything." —Donald Trump, August 2, 2016
https://t.co/TWj7QwVQMP
This week, Donald Trump suddenly tried to claim that he has some "regrets." About that... https://t.co/6Igq6bOIZG
Trump says he hires the best people. This is what he means: https://t.co/FvCVcmLLCY
This is so ignorant it’s staggering. https://t.co/t2fZl9sqKs
When the IOC introduced women's wrestling in 2004, @Helen_Maroulis dreamed of gold. Yesterday that dream came true. https://t.co/ZvyuQYK36v
So who exactly is advising Trump on foreign policy? https://t.co/OVMdxGT736
Today is @BillClinton's birthday! It's not too late to sign his card here: https://t.co/30Uxor2066
Why do Trump and Putin keep saying all the same things? (Hint: It's not Manafort.)
https://t.co/OVMdxHaHUE
The flooding in Louisiana is worse than anyone expected, and they need our support. Here's how you can help: https://t.co/nihT10OvRk
45 years later, I couldn’t be happier to have you by my side. Happy birthday, Bill! -H https://t.co/KDhgLsNr7K
Priorities. https://t.co/vcpYClUtxw https://t.co/H9ULZ9f9Hg
Congrats to @usatf's @Bri_Rollin, @ItsPooda, and @KristiHollywood on their historic podium sweep last night. https://t.co/K0vkob8BOc
Glad to see that the Justice Department is ending the use of private prisons. This is the right step forward. -H https://t.co/5IxHvGULtR
Donald Trump wants to eliminate the estate tax. Doing so could save his family $4 billion and 99.8% of families $0. https://t.co/iEjXi24GGR
Donald Trump promised to release his tax returns if he ran for office.
 
Now? "It's none of your business."
https://t.co/ihL7TlW0Xh
"@Wired sees only one person running for president who can do the job: Hillary Clinton." https://t.co/SQ7hsOaHyl
Don't waste it. Make sure you're registered to vote: https://t.co/tTgeqy51PU https://t.co/XA0iPATVmR
Donald Trump's plan: a multi-billion dollar tax cut for himself and the wealthiest Americans https://t.co/he2KkNcaMm
We know that giving millionaires huge tax breaks doesn't help our economy. So why would we try it again, Donald? https://t.co/Js7FhLOZxW
Does Trump actually pay his fair share in taxes? Until he releases his tax returns, voters won't know for sure. https://t.co/UrZYsUo712
At the 1988 Olympic games, Jackie Joyner-Kersee became the first woman to win gold in the long jump for @TeamUSA. https://t.co/SM21RY7QWn
Let’s make sure it does on Election Day → https://t.co/iWKBOE1i18 https://t.co/41ebkLl4pb
Trump is running a cynical campaign of hate and fear, and he's got a new campaign chief to match. https://t.co/wSgKlxxebU
Donald Trump just hired the head of an extreme, right-wing "news" organization to run his campaign. https://t.co/tswSCdkiBy
We can't let @realDonaldTrump become our next president. https://t.co/1zdOOMfync https://t.co/ZvUEIBDGMa
Trump boasts the support of some of the most extreme voices in politics. Now one of them runs his campaign: https://t.co/A6h02WDYfd
With just 83 days until Election Day, Trump hired one of the most extreme right-wing voices to run his campaign. https://t.co/geausYW6oD
Donald Trump is still the same man who insults Gold Star families, demeans women, and mocks people with disabilities.
The Trump Loophole would let millionaires cut their tax rates in half and do nothing for 99.8% of Americans. https://t.co/xmbflUy84w
The choice on jobs in this election (it’s not a hard one). https://t.co/C6X7yq9CQB https://t.co/nv4lJmUdsK
If you do your job, you’re supposed to be rewarded for your work, not stiffed. https://t.co/un2YiRLEYF
We’ve got to get the economy working for everybody, not just those at the top. Too many families are feeling financial stress.
Watch live: Hillary’s speaking in Cleveland about building an economy that works for everyone → https://t.co/EsqAmcnrnC
One candidate would help millions of hardworking Americans. The other would only help those at the top. https://t.co/qlnXNZiZmh
Today, @Simone_Biles landed a spot in history as the first woman from @USAGym to win 4 golds. Well done, Simone! https://t.co/WldxYrC2ep
If you were born between 1980 and 2002, Hillary has big plans to help you. https://t.co/4XCf0d3j7R
Trump's idea for a new immigration test: "Those who...support bigotry and hatred will not be admitted."

Awkward. https://t.co/LZoCq7U8NZ
Closely monitoring the flooding in Louisiana &amp; Mississippi. The @RedCross is helping displaced families in need: https://t.co/sSYTbQMndP -H
"This man is totally, thoroughly unqualified to be president." —@JoeBiden on @realDonaldTrump
https://t.co/ZfFj9ZXsfD
Last night, @allysonfelix won her 7th Olympic medal. Congrats to the most decorated woman in the history of @USATF! https://t.co/3LmdDx8iqn
It’s not just that Trump doesn’t know what he’s talking about when it comes to national security. His words are dangerous, and they hurt us.
Be a part of this: Get registered to vote, and ask everyone you know to register, too. https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm
“@TeamUSA is showing the world what this country stands for. I am proud of our team." —Hillary in Philadelphia: https://t.co/byKmrx9XZy
You should be able to learn a skill, practice a trade, and make a good living doing it. https://t.co/vNEHs6UJmo
Trump's top adviser was designated $12.7 million from pro-Russia forces in Ukraine. That's the tip of the iceberg. https://t.co/4tYa2Y4nN9
Donald Trump says he'll create a new test for immigrants.

It's a test he'd fail.
https://t.co/LZoCq8bJFx
Both candidates have laid out economic plans. See how each would impact your state: https://t.co/BM2Fpk8lwA
Vice President @JoeBiden had the keys to our Instagram today. Check it out: https://t.co/N09gfgmFmN https://t.co/W6rlqb9C6N
"The place of your birth should never be a barrier." A letter to young undocumented people on DACA's anniversary: https://t.co/4dDrLvefeM
The story of the Rodhams and the Bidens isn't unique. What's unique is the country where those stories were written.
https://t.co/xUQW6ashqy
We have some questions about Donald Trump's cozy relationship with Russia. https://t.co/N6ySNILYMx
Whenever you hear Trump talk about foreign policy, picture him in the Situation Room making decisions for all of us. https://t.co/7QBVFziTdN
You oppose reproductive rights, support "conversion therapy," and proposed a Muslim ban. https://t.co/H04wanQIub
Trump's candidacy alone is undermining our national security.

Imagine if he were to become president. https://t.co/OynjnrHsAj
“She’s strong. She’s respected. She’s admired. There’s nothing that she doesn’t understand about America’s place in the world." —@JoeBiden
"It’s a recipe for playing into the hands of terrorists and their propaganda.” —@JoeBiden on Trump’s foreign policy rhetoric
"Trump’s ideas are not only profoundly wrong, they’re dangerous and they’re very un-American.” —@JoeBiden https://t.co/tV4Cfp982z
"Donald Trump has no clue what it takes to lead this great country.” —@JoeBiden
“This guy doesn’t care about the middle class...he doesn’t understand it. He doesn’t have a clue.” —@JoeBiden on Donald Trump
“There’s only one person in this election who will...help you, and that is Hillary Clinton.” —@JoeBiden
"What Hillary’s all about is making sure every one of you…can look your child in the eye and say…everything is gonna be ok.” —@JoeBiden
“No one is more worthy than you, and everyone is your equal.” —@JoeBiden
"Home is where your character is stamped, where it’s stamped into your soul. Where your values are set.” —@JoeBiden
“As Scranton has always had my back, we—all of us—are going to have your back, Hillary.” —@JoeBiden
Take out your phone and text JOIN to 47246.

We’re hiring organizers right here in Pennsylvania and across the country.
There’s no doubt about it—Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit and totally unqualified to be president of the United States.
"A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man you can trust with nuclear weapons.” —Hillary on @realDonaldTrump
Trump says he won’t tell anyone what he’ll do about ISIS because he wants to keep his plan “secret.”

Well, the secret is he has no plan.
Providing a “Trump Kids Club” for your paying customers is not the same thing as providing real child care for your workers.
Under Trump's child care plan, hardworking families that can’t afford child care in the first place would get little to no real help.
Trump wants to eliminate the Estate Tax. It would save the Trump family $4 billion, but it would do nothing for 99.8% of Americans.
Trump's called for a new tax loophole—the Trump Loophole. He'd pay less than half the current tax rate on income from many of his companies.
Donald Trump would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations, millionaires, and Wall Street money managers.
We’re going to make college debt-free for all and help millions of people struggling with existing student debt: https://t.co/l3h7YDCX3d
Under @POTUS and @JoeBiden:
✓ Our businesses created 15 million new jobs.
✓ 20 million people have health care.
https://t.co/2SCUXK3VAP
No matter what Donald Trump says, America is great, and the American Dream is big enough for everyone to share in its promise.
"No matter where life takes me I always remember I am the granddaughter of a factory worker and the daughter of a small business owner."
Joe is now leading a new Cancer Moonshot initiative to fund breakthroughs and save lives in honor of his son Beau. https://t.co/ofgoaD7t0V
Joe passionately believes in the basic bargain that makes America great—that our economy should work for everyone—not just those at the top.
"No matter how far he travels, @JoeBiden never forgets where he’s from." —Hillary in Scranton https://t.co/UnJ1zs3qXW
.@JoeBiden’s hitting the trail with Hillary in Scranton, folks. Tune in now: https://t.co/zFvHUT7UQ2 https://t.co/xbqUILQKGB
Four years in, DACA has helped more than 700,000 undocumented people to live without fear. Let's build on it: https://t.co/Xw6IkKPSIQ
If Donald Trump becomes president, he'll game America's whole tax system to make himself richer. Seriously. https://t.co/s82te3rlRP
Trump says, "I know more about ISIS than the generals do, believe me." 

You know what? We don't.
https://t.co/OynjnrpRbJ
The senseless murders of Imam Maulama Akonjee and Thara Uddin are heartbreaking. This kind of heinous act has no place in America. -H
No family should have to spend more than 10% of its income on quality child care. https://t.co/ReC2DZCjlM https://t.co/TFYDN6VYJj
Yesterday, @ShotDiva made Olympic history with her gold medal in women's shot put (@TeamUSA's first!). https://t.co/ih1HYqnP8U
Well said, Coach Auriemma. Keep winning, @USABasketball. https://t.co/1paG3IC51b
59 million Americans get help from Social Security. On its 81st anniversary, let's recommit to protecting it. https://t.co/1YMaSX14VF
This is what @realDonaldTrump would do to your state's economy. https://t.co/t59VH8sa9e
The choice on jobs is pretty clear: See how your state would fare under Hillary vs. Trump. https://t.co/xIrmB63qg6
We need to make sure every American has high-speed internet access. And we will: https://t.co/jAszaFw1t3 https://t.co/fPOueqdTba
Press play for a preview of the new campaign podcast With Her. Stream the full episode here: https://t.co/3B2EmK8eDc
https://t.co/G6TVuRAgIO
As track and field begins, we're honoring Wilma Rudolph: the first U.S. woman to win 3 track golds in one Olympics. https://t.co/HW10MpbVuR
Many people are saying Trump won't release his tax returns because he's hiding something. What do you think it is?
LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve love and acceptance—not bullying and violence. https://t.co/RXcjvISf3O
Last night, U.S. Olympic swimmer @Simone_Manuel won gold and made history. https://t.co/fShTxbpX2x
Here's a pretty incredible fact: There is a non-zero chance that Donald Trump isn't paying *any* taxes. https://t.co/Aefxj6CKCd
Here's why Donald Trump might be refusing to release his tax returns: https://t.co/M4MSBonNyo
You can also listen to the first episode of With Her by streaming here: https://t.co/BVmjS8MFWn
🎧 Just launched: With Her, our official campaign podcast. Subscribe and listen to Episode 1: https://t.co/IIzDVOt3r4
Why is @realDonaldTrump refusing to release his tax returns? Some ideas:
https://t.co/M4MSBo6c9O
.@TeamUSA at the White House, circa 2000. #TBT
https://t.co/cix9dny7PU
Congrats on bringing home the gold and silver, Simone and Aly. We’re all so proud of you! -H https://t.co/oqYrHXmZTH
Trump wants America to work for him and his friends.

We need to build an economy that works for everyone.
https://t.co/p0bpzITUpv
It's not just a value—it's a real plan. https://t.co/OvGzoPTtwg https://t.co/hI6Ip27HHm
Let’s go out and build the future. https://t.co/OvGzoPTtwg
"One of the reasons I asked Tim Kaine to be my running mate is that he...has a record of working across the aisle." https://t.co/CNwtLVWl8n
Strengthening unions doesn’t just serve their members—it leads to better pay, benefits, and working conditions for all employees.
Trump wants to give trillions in tax breaks to people like himself.

Instead, let’s invest in our veterans, kids, schools and police.
The 400 richest taxpayers in America would get an average tax cut of more than $15 million a year from the Trump loophole.
