Republicans have been speaking out for years against nonexistent voter fraud. But amid multiple reports of credible evidence of election fraud from their party, they’re silent. Voters in North Carolina must be assured that their votes are counted. https://t.co/dqkvsRRaTX
Kathy Kraninger - @realDonaldTrump's pick to lead @CFPB - supports policies that will harm American consumers.

And worse, she played a central role in his inhumane family separation policy at our border. 

I'll be voting against her nomination today.
https://t.co/oC85YBjH87
Reminder: If you’re looking to get health care coverage under the Affordable Care Act, or know a friend or family member who is, don’t miss your chance to enroll at https://t.co/rJyLTZVTkf by Dec. 15.
I hope the stories of the courageous suffragists inspired you all as much as you inspire me. Keep raising your voices and never, ever give up on what you believe in! https://t.co/BIMwa9uqNs
President George H.W. Bush was a devoted public servant who led with decency, kindness and a deep love for our country. My heart is with his family and loved ones today as they mourn this great loss.
Combating climate change must be a top priority for every member of Congress, no matter what party they represent. These devastating impacts will affect all of us. There must be a bipartisan effort to find real solutions for the sake of our children and future generations.
Our future is: 

Female
Intersectional 
Powered by our belief in one another.

And we’re just getting started.
We're changing the face of our democracy. https://t.co/DBGwxiqTdt
The House has until Dec. 10 to force a vote on reversing the #NetNeutrality repeal. We cannot allow lawmakers to continue to side with corporations, so we must keep speaking out for an internet that is free, fair and open to everyone.
The suffragists who won women the right to vote have never failed to inspire me, and that’s why I wrote Bold and Brave – so young girls and boys could also be inspired to never give up. https://t.co/aVBYlliLy9
I’ll be cheering these women on every step of the way as they work to bring about the changes they – and all moms – need and deserve. https://t.co/jp3WLIsdGL
.@WomenCount is working to ensure that women running for office have the financial resources they need to win. Check them out here: https://t.co/IhjqOQu80f
.@SheShouldRun is an organization working toward equal representation for women at every level of government. Click here to get involved: https://t.co/dgc6rPo2gL
.@EmergeAmerica recruits women to run up and down the ballot, and ensures they get the training and resources they need to win. Learn more here: https://t.co/SEL6iDSJfB
.@HigherHeights is an organization dedicated to electing more black women voices at every level of government and making sure they have the tools they need to get there. Get involved here: https://t.co/r8QwitdDrE
.@VoteRunLead trains women to run for office and build progressive campaigns around the issues they’re most passionate about. Find out more here: https://t.co/NClBtVy7xe
.@runforsomething is an organization that ensures young progressive candidates have the support and resources they need to run a winning campaign. Click here to learn more: https://t.co/fyDiGtqekD
If you want to run for office, now is the time to get involved and get started, and there are so many amazing organizations ready to help:
We’ve achieved better representation, but this new Congress won’t fully reflect the vast diversity that makes our country strong. We need even more people to get off the sidelines and run – and there’s no better person than you to stand up and fight for what you care about.
This January, we will usher in a brand new Congress. One that’s full of the voices that’ve been missing from the conversation for far too long. More voices of women, people of color, young people and veterans who will bring new issues, new ideas and new approaches to Washington.
In the immediate aftermath of shootings, some say it’s too soon to talk about policy. How about now? I’m ready to work with anyone who will help pass commonsense solutions to gun violence.
There’s a bipartisan bill in the Senate to protect the Mueller investigation, but Mitch McConnell has deemed a vote to pass the bill “irrelevant.” Each new attack on the special counsel from President Trump makes a vote more relevant and more critical every day.
Thanks to the girls at the Girls Athletic Leadership School in Denver for the inspiring t-shirt! https://t.co/iGXm8tZU9n
To all those celebrating the first night of Hanukkah, I’m wishing you a wonderful holiday filled with light and love, surrounded by family and friends.
To those President Trump shows cruelty, we must show compassion. To those he shows indifference, we must show empathy. To those he shows hatred, we must show kindness and love.
Devastating and irreversible effects of climate change are predicted to arrive by 2040, far sooner than we thought. We must take immediate action if we’re going to avoid the catastrophic consequences of global warming.
My grandmother taught me at a young age that public service and being involved in government is a crucial way to fight for what you believe in and make a difference. I feel so lucky to have had a strong female role model like her to inspire my path forward. https://t.co/vUR2qKgIfa
Across New York, the country and the globe, the signs of climate change are everywhere, and it’s on us to pay attention. It’s not too late to take the necessary steps to preserve our planet, but our action has to be immediate.
Real paid leave extends beyond maternity leave: It would allow people to take care of a sick loved one or take time to recover from an injury. No one should have to choose between being there for a loved one and missing a paycheck. Not in America. Not anymore.
Today is #WorldAIDSDay – a day when we come together and renew our commitment to fighting this disease by ensuring everyone has access to the preventative resources and treatment they deserve. Click here to learn more about how to get tested for HIV: https://t.co/9uuErjj1Vh
On this day in 1955, Rosa Parks refused to move bus seats just because she was a black woman, sparking the bus boycott that eventually ended bus segregation. As we fight against continued inequality and discrimination today, we can all be inspired by the courage of Rosa Parks. https://t.co/FBMB9EFdp4
President George H.W. Bush’s life will forever be defined by his deep commitment to public service and to the values of our nation. His legacy will never be forgotten. May he rest in peace. Sending my love and deepest condolences to the Bush family.
I’m thrilled that her courage and persistence in the face of discrimination will be honored with a statue to remind young women everywhere that they, too, can change the world. https://t.co/KW9yNoAdtB
Shirley Chisholm, the first black woman to serve in Congress, was born 94 years ago on this day. She reminds us all “if they don’t give you a seat at the table, bring a folding chair.” Let’s celebrate Chisholm by continuing to raise our voices and make ourselves heard.
A woman’s right to a safe abortion has been threatened repeatedly. But we’ve learned during this administration that together, we’re stronger than anything President Trump or his officials can throw at us. As long as we give this fight our all, they don’t stand a chance.
Love this story of 9-year-old Riley raising her voice to make a difference. It’s always inspiring to see future generations of young girls fearlessly speaking out for what they believe in. Keep it up, Riley! https://t.co/fhsUOk2RmD
Ensuring women get equal pay is crucial, but we won’t close the wage gap without also passing a paid family leave plan. To show that our country values women, we have to stop penalizing them for taking time off work to take care of a child or sick family member. https://t.co/ws11H6upgZ
.@realDonaldTrump has done nothing but lie to the American people and keep them from the answers they deserve. If the president has nothing to hide, he should welcome a full and thorough investigation from the special counsel.
From the GOP’s tax cuts for the wealthiest few to their refusal to address the gun violence that’s devastated our country, it’s all about who lines their pockets. We must get dark money’s toxic influence out of politics in order to fix our corroded and corrupt system.
Emma Lazarus’s poem on the Statue of Liberty promises an America defined by hope and refuge for all who are in need. This is the founding principle of our country. One that President Trump has turned his back on. One we must fight to hold onto. https://t.co/RNKHOckfRw
Survivors of sexual assault deserve to be able to safely come forward and tell their stories – to be heard and believed. We can’t let our broken system fail them more than it already has. #HandsOffIX https://t.co/gWt0Us6dIO
President Trump and Republicans in Congress have worked relentlessly to undermine access to health care, and now children are paying the price. We have to fight back for the sake of our kids – for their health and safety. We can’t allow the GOP to put their well-being at risk. https://t.co/TsFUOJrnuc
There is a culture of corruption surrounding @realDonaldTrump and his administration. It is absolutely critical for Congress to protect the Mueller investigation and ensure the American people get the answers and justice they deserve. https://t.co/ScX4hbedRY
There are no more excuses. We must end America’s support for Saudi Arabia’s war in Yemen — a humanitarian disaster. Yesterday’s Senate vote was an important step forward, and I urge my colleagues to pass this bipartisan resolution on the floor.
Health care enrollment under the Affordable Care Act is open right now through Dec. 15. Don’t miss your chance to sign up for the health insurance plan that best fits your needs at https://t.co/rJyLTZEisH.
We urgently need policies like paid family leave and equal pay to ensure a fair playing field, so women have the opportunity to succeed – in their communities.
Health care is a universal right, but President Trump and Republicans in Congress treat it like the privilege of a few. Every time they place the profits of insurance companies over people’s access to affordable, quality care, we must fight back with everything we’ve got.
Studies have shown that climate change is contributing to extreme weather events becoming more severe and frequent – and we can take action against climate change. How many more homes and communities must be devastated before we do something? The time to act is now.
It’s deeply troubling that @realDonaldTrump has relentlessly tried to undermine the Mueller investigation and keep the truth from the American people. To protect our democracy, it’s absolutely critical for the Senate to vote on the bipartisan bill protecting the special counsel.
As prescription drug costs skyrocket, seniors are forced to choose between paying their bills or paying for their medicine.

Now, Big Pharma wants to unwind a critical measure that will help make their medications more affordable. Congress cannot let this happen. https://t.co/1dFUJ73E0r
Our fight isn’t just about resisting President Trump’s agenda. It’s about defending equality and progress, protecting the rights of all Americans and standing up for compassion and humanity. The sad truth is that the president is constantly undermining our basic moral principles.
This relentless cruelty toward families seeking asylum is something we must fight as hard as we can, for as long as we need to. https://t.co/OvIs1iAaOC
From day one, @realDonaldTrump has pushed one of the most anti-environment agendas in history at the cost of the clean air, clean water and our public lands. Climate change is a real threat, and by denying its credibility, this administration is putting our futures at risk.
Dr. Olivia Hooker broke barriers in our nation. As the first African American woman to serve in active duty in the U.S. Coast Guard, and founder of the Tulsa Race Riot Commission, her commitment to service lifted the lives of many. My heart goes out to her family and loved ones.
Opposing someone who’s spent his career undermining voting rights for communities of color, writing voter suppression tactics into law and defending discrimination against workers, women and LGBTQ Americans shouldn’t be controversial. We need to #StopFarr.
We simply cannot, must not, allow the lifelong appointment of district court judge nominee Thomas Farr. He will use the courts to reinforce the hate and divisiveness Trump sows. He will take our country backward. Call your senators today and tell them to oppose his appointment.
We have a real shot at flipping Mississippi blue, but it’s going to come down to every last vote. If you live in Mississippi or know someone who does, it could not be more important for you to raise your voice for @espyforsenate today: https://t.co/xCHmhc2fyh
This #GivingTuesday, please consider making a donation to the nonprofits helping everyone affected by the devastating wildfires in California. Every dollar you can spare will go a long way for families who need our urgent support right now: https://t.co/BHIeAGj2gK
.@EspyForSenate is a true public servant who I know we can count on to put people first in the Senate every time. If you live in Mississippi, be sure to find your polling place for tomorrow’s runoff election and vote to help Mike flip this seat blue: https://t.co/xCHmhc2fyh
President Trump has spent his presidency unleashing hate and discrimination. We cannot sit silently while those seeking asylum are met with military force and tear gas at our borders. We can never stop fighting for America to be a safe haven for all those who need one.
The science is clear: Our climate is already changing. We cannot allow lawmakers to continue ignoring this reality. The threats are too severe – the consequences too catastrophic. We must act now, while we still can.
Silencing women for the powerful, or for your friends, or for convenience, is neither acceptable, nor just. https://t.co/Oi0xE0UEPF
This is horrendous. We must hold those responsible accountable. Children who approach our country looking for asylum should be welcomed with open arms, not with tear gas. 

The Trump administration’s asylum policies diminish America’s promise and project weakness, not strength. https://t.co/bJOtdnf8W5
There’s no hiding it: Climate change is real — and the U.S. has an urgent obligation to lead the way in preventing its most damaging impacts. 

We can start now by putting a price on carbon, charging a polluter’s fee. https://t.co/o1P7AGUWUT
Giving women the tools they need to reach their economic potential benefits not only women, but our families and our economy, too. What policies would help you and your family thrive?
There’s no place for corporate influence in politics. We’ve got to do what it takes to make our democracy fairer and more just by getting special interest money out of our elections. https://t.co/T5Qi3h7cPZ
Payday lenders are taking advantage of millions of Americans while Congress looks the other way. We need to pass postal banking and end the exploitative payday lending industry once and for all.
Health care is a fundamental right. It’s immoral to withhold it as a privilege for those who can afford it.
Taking my boys to a local bookshop is one of my favorite things to do, and @MarketBlockBks in Troy is special to me. These are such important places to learn new ideas and be inspired. Do you have a plan to support your favorite local business this #SmallBusinessSaturday? https://t.co/j0kBf5soLn
Republicans’ inaction on gun violence has nothing to do with the Second Amendment and everything to do with the NRA’s checks that line their pockets. Any elected leader who puts donations over the lives of our children must be voted out as soon as we get the chance.
Our fight for an economy that works for everyone, equal access to quality health care and education all comes down to fixing our campaign finance system. We need to rid ours of corporate influence.
Climate change is real. Its effects are being felt here and now, and we have a moral obligation to combat them. Our children deserve to inherit clean air to breathe and safe water to drink. We’ve got to come together and take action before it’s too late.
Thank you for all the support for “Bold and Brave!” https://t.co/g8HOXfFI6x
I hope you had a happy, restful Thanksgiving! I wanted to share how thankful I am for this team. It’s such an honor to work alongside you to build this powerful movement, lift each other up and fight for progress and change.
Grateful each and every day for these guys. Happy Thanksgiving from the Gillibrands! Hope you are spending some well-deserved time with family and friends. https://t.co/2FyYgm8NvD
Made an apple cobbler for dessert this year. It was a hit with the boys, and it’s so easy to make! Here’s my recipe: https://t.co/VkO8zRM2o2
Making my friend Pattie’s stuffing recipe - amazing. Happy Thanksgiving! https://t.co/a4FP9gxUf0
I’m taking some time today to think of all that I’m grateful for:

The passion and dedication of this team. 
The privilege of standing up for you in the Senate.
And last but never least, for my family, Jonathan, Theo and Henry. 

Wishing you and yours a Happy Thanksgiving!
A family tradition. Theo and Henry always help me in the kitchen while getting ready for the big day! https://t.co/iJZmfOFpMl
One of my favorite things is hearing from you all about what’s on your mind and what’s going on in your lives. I’d love if you took a second to reply here and share what you’re grateful for this Thanksgiving.
It’s time for women to have equal access to opportunity in the workplace. That means supporting women-owned businesses and increasing the number of women in STEM fields. Because we’re all better off when more women are at the table.
We must not tolerate any:

Racism, 
Sexism, 
Homophobia, 
Xenophobia, 
Anti-Semitism,
Or any form of religious bigotry. 

We have a moral duty to fight back against any and every attempt to sow hatred and division in our country.
America is at a crossroads of what is right and what is wrong. The president is trying to take us down a path of hatred and division, but we don’t have to follow. We can, and we must, fight to be a country that always stands up for our moral principles and for one another.
No one should have to go without the lifesaving care they need because they can’t afford it. We can’t allow that to be who we are as a country. We must work toward a system that ensures every American has access to quality health care. We must work toward Medicare for All.
Mike is running a campaign to put people first. To stand up for equality, hope and progress. If he can get the urgent resources he needs to get out the vote in these final days, he can secure this crucial victory and flip this Senate seat blue. Give now: https://t.co/mVnjLNkqY3
But President Trump is heading to Mississippi on Monday to personally campaign for Mike's right-wing opponent, Cindy Hyde-Smith. She's promised to push all the worst parts of the Trump administration's harmful agenda in the Senate, so we must do what we can to ensure Mike wins.
We've got one last shot to flip a red Senate seat blue this cycle. I'm asking you to send your urgent support to @espyforsenate to make sure he can fight for health care, better opportunities for working families and accountability in Washington: https://t.co/GYakyD2ahi
Congress must step in to oppose weapons sales to Saudi Arabia and hold all those responsible for these heinous killings accountable.
This undermines America’s tradition of standing by human rights and ensuring the protection of the free press. It will not serve our national security in the long term to stand with a regime that’s caused the suffering of millions in Yemen over our own intelligence officers.
Today, President Trump issued a disgraceful statement on Saudi Arabia that ignores the CIA conclusion that the crown prince is responsible for the horrific murder of Jamal Khashoggi.
Today, on Transgender Day of Remembrance, we remember those in the transgender community who lost their lives to hatred and bigotry. We must honor them by fighting to be a country where everyone is safe and free to be exactly who they are.
I agree. Congress has an urgent obligation to come together and finally pass this long-stalled bill to address sexual harassment on Capitol Hill. Each wasted day leaves taxpayers stuck with the tab for the cost of politicians’ harassment settlements. https://t.co/yDb9Ci9S1N
When women hold office, they get things done. With more women than ever elected to Congress, I can’t wait to see what we accomplish together.
My friend @staceyabrams ran a bold, fearless campaign and inspired so many along the way. Stacey is the kind of leader we need in elected office, and I cannot wait to see where her passion and commitment to make life better for working families takes her next.
The Trump administration has put the bottom line of polluters over people since day one, despite the clear signs that climate change is right here, right now. We need leaders who will prioritize the health of Americans above corporate profits.
It was such a joy to share this special moment with Eyob and all of his friends this morning, @conniebritton! https://t.co/OGG5l1PCvO
The NRA has had lawmakers in its pocket for too long – and our country has suffered the consequences. If we fight together, if we channel our outrage, our heartbreak and our frustration, we can take on the NRA and put a stop to this senseless violence.
Until women achieve equal representation at every level of government, until we have a seat at every table and our voices are part of every conversation, until we’ve broken every barrier and shattered every glass ceiling, we must keep running for office and never give up.
It’s time to protect hardworking Americans from the predatory payday loan industry that targets them. The Postal Banking Act is a commonsense solution to ensure everyone can access basic banking services, like checking and savings accounts and small-dollar loans.
We must build an economy that fulfills America’s promise of opportunity to everyone, not just the wealthiest among us.
We cannot be a country that allows even one person to go without the medical care they need because they can’t afford it. We need to treat health care like the right that it is, not a privilege of the wealthy. We need to work toward a Medicare-for-all system.
Getting dark money out of politics is critical in creating a government that’s truly accountable to the American people. It’s how we’ll build an economy that works for everyone. It’s how we’ll protect our environment and pass meaningful gun reform. It’s how we’ll make progress.
We can’t stop fighting to be a country that values women. One that protects the fundamental right to make decisions about our own bodies. One that ensures they have access to reproductive health care. 

We’re not that country right now – but we can be.
Millions of Americans’ lives have been devastated by our broken marijuana laws. I’m cosponsoring the Marijuana Justice Act because we need to right the wrongs caused by the failed war on drugs.
America has been called the land of opportunity. But to live up to that, we can’t allow the odds to stay stacked against working people and families. We need to fight to fulfill our country’s promise to be a place where anyone who works hard can build a life and find success.
Students said enough is enough.
Teachers said enough is enough.
Parents said enough is enough.
Doctors said enough is enough.
The majority of this country has said enough is enough.

It’s time for Congress to finally say enough is enough and pass meaningful gun reform.
I’m thrilled to be joined by more than 100 women elected to Congress. You all fought hard for a seat at the table, and I’m so excited to see what your powerful voices bring to the conversation. Don’t ever stop speaking out strongly and loudly for the things you care about most.
It’s plain and simple: Women should have complete control over the decisions they make about their own bodies. There isn’t true equality without it.
More women than ever before were just elected to Congress. But we’re not at 51% yet, and we won’t stop until we get there.
Injustice against one of us is an injustice against all of us. We need to fight discriminatory marijuana policies, end mass incarceration and come together to create an economy where the playing field is fair for everyone.
Betsy DeVos and the Trump administration are betraying survivors of sexual assault and harassment on college campuses.

These proposed rules will discourage survivors from coming forward, and return schools to a time where sexual assault and harassment were swept under the rug. https://t.co/uhvtIjwt6S
It was fun to share a room backstage @TheDailyShow with @TessaThompson_x to talk shop about movies and politics! https://t.co/MNr3VpuBqV
When they try to silence us, we speak as one. When they shut us out, we march. When we get our chance to vote, we do. And we win.
It was such a pleasure to catch up with @TrevorNoah and talk about how we end the toxic effects of money in politics, my new book, "Bold and Brave" and so much more. I hope you can tune in tonight to catch our conversation on @TheDailyShow at 11pm ET! https://t.co/DcxX2H5OAa
We must keep fighting until every vote is counted and every voice is heard. https://t.co/FaPS3GGI4u
More progressive women in Congress means more voices fighting for equal pay, for a real paid family leave plan, for access to reproductive health care and for all the issues that have taken a back seat for too long. We will transform this country.
We vowed to never forget 9/11. Part of upholding that promise is doing our part to secure this essential compensation program. It won’t come close to making up for the unimaginable bravery and sacrifice of these heroes – but it’s our moral obligation to try.
I joined with 20 of my colleagues to introduce legislation that will permanently reauthorize the VCF, so our nation’s heroes can be compensated for their suffering and to meet the costs of lost wages and caring for their families.
9/11 heroes are walking the halls of Congress to fight to pass the Victim Compensation Fund. The VCF ensures first responders and their families have the financial support they deserve as they continue to grapple with 9/11-related illnesses, but it’s set to expire in 2020.
This year has shown us that when women stand up and raise our voices about the issues that matter, we can create the change we want to see. So let’s keep marching, let’s keep fighting, and let’s keep running for office to own our future!
Congratulations to my friend @CatherineForNV on being named chair of the @DSCC – the first Latina to ever hold the position. I’m wishing you all the best and look forward to seeing the incredible work you do to help lead our party in the fight to regain our Senate majority.
Until a 40-hour workweek is rewarded with a living wage, until there is equal pay for equal work, until workers are guaranteed paid family and medical leave – our march toward progress continues.
Mitch McConnell just objected to an attempt for the Senate to bring the bipartisan bill to protect Mueller to the Senate floor. That is deeply troubling. It is clear that the American people want answers. We must protect this investigation. https://t.co/utX9SNtsGk
My statement on @amazon’s announcement of a new headquarters in New York City: https://t.co/nwNVpyh1AP
.@NelsonForSenate is in a critical recount for Florida’s Senate seat. FL must count every vote by 3 p.m. tomorrow – and every dollar you can spare before then matters more than ever. Will you rush $5 to make sure every last vote is counted? https://t.co/1C843anrhm
This bipartisan bill would create a national standard of care for and prohibit the use of restraints and restrictive housing on pregnant women and new moms in custody to end this archaic treatment. I hope our colleagues in Congress will act swiftly to pass this legislation.
This mistreatment of pregnant women and new mothers can lead to hemorrhaging, mental and physical harm, and even miscarriage. Congress should be protecting and valuing all pregnant women and mothers. That’s why @DrRandPaul and I introduced the Pregnant Women in Custody Act.
Women deserve the care to keep themselves and their babies safe, wherever they are in our society. But in our deeply flawed criminal justice system, pregnant incarcerated women are restrained or placed in solitary without access to proper medical care. It’s inhumane.
A woman’s right to make decisions about her own body is a fundamental one. Join me today to say #ThxBirthControl – because we can’t stop fighting for access to affordable and effective reproductive health care.
Happy Run for Office Day! People often ask me what makes a candidate qualified to run. If you care about progress, if you’re passionate about an issue, then you’re qualified to run. I want to hear from you: Have you ever considered running for office? Are you planning to run?
Thank you, @SymoneDSanders, for a great discussion tonight, and for inviting these girls up to join the conversation!
I wrote “Bold and the Brave” so girls and boys everywhere can be inspired by the courage and tenacity of the women who came before us and fought for what they believed in most. I hope these girls left tonight knowing they have the power to make a difference. https://t.co/Ogke0yMYHG
Watching this new wave of diverse and passionate women join us in Congress is so energizing. They’re taking a seat at the table to be a voice for the issues that matter most to people – and I can’t wait to see all they accomplish. https://t.co/u5n42hK3Jz
My heart goes out to all those affected by the fires in California, especially anyone who has lost a loved one. So grateful for the first responders who are saving lives and putting their own on the line.

Here is a resource for those who are safe and looking to help: https://t.co/5C8a9oLqUe
It's National Run for Office Day! 

Perhaps you've done just about everything to fight for what you believe in. You marched, you knocked on doors, you made calls, you voted. 

Now, you should consider running for office: https://t.co/Y9PEfUNRLV https://t.co/YZ62gVpPPb
My new children's book, "Bold and Brave," is out today! @MairaKalman and I tell the stories of 10 courageous activists who took big risks to win American women the right to vote. I'm so thrilled to see this book out in the world. Available now: https://t.co/2rk0whPtI6 https://t.co/Oc8VbyJjhl
The block you grow up on shouldn’t determine your chance of success. Every child in this country deserves the opportunity to live up to their potential.
Congratulations to my friend @kyrstensinema! She’s a proven fighter who will stand up for women, families and equality, and she’s now the first woman to represent AZ in the Senate. Kyrsten, I’m thrilled to welcome you and can’t wait to see all you accomplish! https://t.co/ZxVpHbM7sV
When Americans get a say, they make clear how important access to health care is to their lives. They raised their voices to stop Republicans from repealing the Affordable Care Act. Voters in Idaho, Nebraska and Utah just expanded Medicaid. 

Our job is to listen.
It's time to restore our country to its founding principles and bring our democracy back to the people. That starts with ending the outsized influence of money in politics. https://t.co/mhZrgsdzgR
No one is above the law, not even the president. We must raise our voices to demand transparency and accountability. With Congress back in session tomorrow, speak out and help call for legislation to protect the Mueller investigation. https://t.co/FvnVXLeoNY
I’m excited to chat with the women of @TheView this morning. If you want to watch, tune in to @ABCNetwork at 11 a.m. EST.
When one of us faces discrimination, we must all stand united in the fight for justice. That is the only way we’ll achieve a fair and equal society.
One party is trying to suppress votes. The other is fighting as hard as it can to make sure each and every one is counted. It couldn’t be clearer which party is trying to protect our democracy.
We need to decriminalize marijuana. 

The fight to pass the Marijuana Justice Act is about combating discrimination against communities of color. It’s about putting a stop to injustice. It’s about creating a fairer, more equal society.
The work that journalists do to be a watchdog for the people and be a voice of transparency and accountability are absolutely crucial in our country. We will not stand for President Trump’s attacks on this pillar of our democracy.
We must not let up in our fight to ensure that access to health care is a universal right of all – not a privilege of the wealthy.
Today and every day, may we strive to share our respect and gratitude for the service of our military veterans. I wish you all a reflective and meaningful Veterans Day spent with family and loved ones.
To truly honor our veterans, we must act. We must act to ensure they get access to the health care needed to recover from the physical and mental tolls of war. To help them get good jobs when they return home. To make it easier to get the government benefits they deserve.
Today, on Veterans Day, we honor the heroism of millions of brave women and men who have served our country as members of our military. We thank them for the incredible risks they have taken and the unimaginable sacrifices they have made to keep us safe.
.@staceyabrams is closing in on the votes she needs for a runoff, but her opponent’s team is trying to stop the count. Too many have fought too hard, for too long, to be silent while they try to steal this race. https://t.co/itX3ajsa5C
In #TX23, just 1,000 votes separate @GinaOrtizJones and her opponent with ballots still to be counted. In every district, every state, we must count every vote. We have to respect all voters' right to be counted. https://t.co/r6f3L8FSHu
Our advocacy has always been driven by a common bond – by the fight for those who are most at risk, those most in need, those who need to be listened to, those who are marginalized in our society. Until we give a voice to all who need one, our fights must continue.
Every generation has tried to create a more perfect union. From the suffragists to the Civil Rights Movement to marriage equality, we’ve fought to become a better nation. That indomitable spirit of progress is what defines America.
How many more children must we lose? How many more brothers, sisters, moms and dads – before lawmakers stop bowing to the NRA and finally take action against gun violence? Waiting until the next tragedy is too late.
Our fight must continue against this administration’s constant attacks on women’s access to reproductive health care and contraception. A woman’s decisions about her own body must always remain in her hands, never her employer’s – never her government’s.
When voters get their say, we expand health care, not restrict it. We saw this on election night when Idaho, Nebraska and Utah expanded Medicaid. Health care is not a privilege. It's a right.
Anyone who equates counting votes with stealing an election is undermining Americans’ most fundamental right to make their voices heard at the ballot box.
A free press is designed to hold those in power accountable, to expose corruption and speak truth to power. @realDonaldTrump’s latest and continuous attacks on the press should trouble anyone who is concerned about ensuring that America’s free and fair democracy is upheld.
We will not stand down until every vote is counted and every voice is heard.
Each of us has a duty to do everything we can to stand up for the moral principles this country was founded on, and to never stop boldly speaking truth to power. https://t.co/ov1AoUdNfI
Today is the 80th anniversary of Kristallnacht, reminding us of the tragic consequences when hate is met with silence. We’ve seen that anti-Semitism in our own country is on the rise, and we must stand in solidarity with the Jewish community against bigotry and violence.
The Trump administration just launched yet another thinly veiled attack on women, attempting to rip away the contraceptive coverage of nearly 1.3 million. This proves the importance of the record number of women we just elected to stand up and fight back.
We need even more women, people of color and young people to run. There’s always another election around the corner, whether it’s at the local, state or federal level, find out where you can make a difference and run for office. Together, let’s continue our march toward equality.
The progress made on Tuesday is historic, bringing us closer than ever to a government that truly reflects the diversity of our country, but we’re not there yet. We won’t stop until women make up 51% of Congress – until every voice has a seat at the table.
We elected six Democratic women governors, when there were previously only two. We elected over 100 women to the House. We elected the women who will boldly speak out on the issues that we care about – the ones that have taken a back seat for far too long.
Something truly special happened on Tuesday, when more women were elected to Congress across the country than ever before. This includes the first black women in their states, the first Native American women and the first Muslim women to hold office at this level.
Women have served in our military and given their lives to defend our nation since the founding of the country. It's time for the VA's motto to formally reflect that fact. https://t.co/F6owX4mP83
A historic number of people got to the polls on Tuesday to raise their voices – especially first-time voters and young voters. This is our future. I couldn’t be prouder to see it in the hands of young people who are off the sidelines, fighting for the change they want to see.
Yesterday, when #GA06 made the choice for @LucyWins2018, they made the choice for women, for affordable health care and for meaningful gun reform. I’m so excited to have the addition of Lucy’s strong voice in these critical fights ahead in Congress.
On Tuesday, Democrats won our biggest majority ever in the New York State Senate. I’m excited to work with @AndreaSCousins – set to be the first woman to lead either state legislative chamber and the first black woman to lead the state Senate – to create a better future for NY.
I'm backstage at @colbertlateshow, and before I go on, I wanted to share some exciting news with you. My new book, "Bold and Brave: Ten Heroes Who Won Women the Right to Vote,” comes out next week. Hope you tune in tonight! https://t.co/lHpe1VVsNU
With so many wins to celebrate, I want to make clear that they are all because of you – every vote you turned out, every call you made, every door you knocked, every dollar you gave. There’s nothing we can’t do together, and our march toward progress is just beginning.
Both @NelsonForSenate and @AndrewGillum’s races in Florida are razor-thin and headed for recounts. If you live in Florida and voted absentee or filled out a provisional ballot, click here before 5 p.m. to find out how to ensure your vote is counted: https://t.co/ngVno3kIWN
Just a day after women voters and women candidates powered an historic takeover of the House of Representatives, the president issued a final rule allowing a woman's boss to determine her access to birth control. Our work is far from over. https://t.co/cZFOnh54aG
It’s devastating to wake up to another horrific mass shooting. My heart breaks for the victims and families, the first responders – one of whom was killed trying to save lives – the community of Thousand Oaks, CA and our nation.

When will enough be enough? We must act now.
It is deeply troubling that Acting AG Matthew Whitaker has previously publicly criticized the Mueller investigation. He must recuse himself from overseeing the probe so that it can proceed without interference — and Congress must pass legislation to protect it.
.@AyannaPressley won in #MA07, becoming the first black woman to represent Massachusetts in Congress, and @JahanaHayes won in #CT05, shattering the same ceiling in Connecticut. Congratulations to these incredible women.
New Mexico just elected @Michelle4NM as their first Democratic Latina governor in the state’s history. In an incredible night of firsts, I’m so excited for Michelle to be among the ranks of strong progressive women governors across the country who will stand up for our values.
Congratulations to @IlhanMN in #MN05 and @RashidaTlaib in #MI13 on their exciting victories and for giving Muslim women a seat at the table in Congress for the first time in our country’s history.
.@sharicedavids in #KS03 and @Deb4CongressNM in #NM01 just became the first ever Native American women elected to Congress. Their victories are two crucial steps forward in our fight to create a Congress that actually represents the diversity that makes our country strong.
.@clairecmc and @heidiheitkamp, you are two of the strongest people I know. I’m honored to have served beside you in the Senate as you fearlessly did the right thing time and again, even when it was the hardest thing. Thank you.
Congratulations, Jacky! I can’t wait to welcome you to the Senate, and I’m so grateful to have you by my side in the fights to come. https://t.co/nxg6CctujQ
Protecting the Mueller investigation is now more important than ever. There is no excuse not to act. https://t.co/X6M6BZNCrP
It couldn’t be more critical to send an emergency donation to my friend @NelsonForSenate as he heads into a recount in his race to protect Florida’s Democratic Senate seat. Every dollar you can spare will help Bill make sure every vote gets counted: https://t.co/HZNLDFhN5O
A huge congratulations to @SpanbergerVA07 and @JenniferWexton – two strong, progressive women who fought incredible races in some of the toughest red districts in the country to flip them blue and add to the record number of women who will be serving in Congress.
I want to congratulate @gretchenwhitmer on her exciting win last night. I know we can count on Gretchen to get the job done for Michigan’s women and working families, and I can’t wait to see what she accomplishes as governor.
Congratulations to @LUnderwood630 on her incredible victory last night in #IL14. Lauren broke down every barrier that stood in her way, showing us exactly what it means to get off the sidelines, speak up for the issues that matter most and lead with conviction.
I want to congratulate my fellow New Yorkers who won, especially @TishJames, @DelgadoforNY19, @MaxRose4NY and @Ocasio2018. These amazing candidates broke down tough barriers to be progressive voices for our state, and I’m excited to work beside them in the fights ahead.
Keep on fighting. Keep speaking out. Keep raising your voices – today, tomorrow and every day after that.
The story of last night’s election? Women breaking barriers, women winning everywhere.

The resistance is female, intersectional and powered by our belief in one another. We’re only getting started.
One of the bravest things we ever do is hope for a better future. One of the hardest we do is run for office. To all the candidates and their teams who fought so hard and came so close, thank you. In the end, we’ll win – and you’ll be why.
With polls officially closed in New York, I want to say thank you to this team for everything you’ve done leading up to Election Day and for demanding change today with your vote. Never doubt that your voice and your efforts have made the biggest impact.
Every vote matters. Every voice matters. Don’t let yours get left out. It’s never been more important to make yourself heard.
Today, raise your voice for those who can be counted on to do the right thing. Raise your voice for accountability and justice. Raise your voice for one another. Raise your voice for change.
If there’s one thing you can be sure of today as you cast your ballot, it’s this: Your voice matters. And each of us has a responsibility to raise ours today for the Democratic candidates who will stand up in office for our progressive values.
When you vote for Democrats today, you aren’t just voting for a candidate. You’re standing up for women. For those with preexisting conditions. For immigrants and students, and for our environment. The only way to win the crucial fights ahead of us is together, at the ballot box.
Today at the ballot box, we carry forward the march of suffrage, of civil rights, of women who put on pink hats. We carry forward the march of loved ones who sacrificed and made our dreams possible. We carry forward the fight for a future full of progress and equality.
Progress starts at the polls. It starts with just a few people, who bring a few more. We tell our friends and family about what’s important to us and bring them off the sidelines with us. This is the only way it’s ever happened and the only way it ever will. Do your part today.
Your voice is your vote. Speak out for change today.
We have the power to demand change today. And it rests with you: your voice, your vote. Click here to find your polling place and get out to vote for the change we need: https://t.co/Aspvixo6rA
Every action you’ve taken, from marching to knocking on doors to registering voters to donating, has made the biggest difference in preparation for today. We’ve acted. #TodayWeVote. This is our chance to demand change, progress and a better future for our country. Let’s seize it.
This is the day we've been marching toward for so long. I can't wait to see your #IVoted stickers and hear your stories of democracy in action. We're changing our country today. https://t.co/T8q8liPFHf
Our biggest act of resistance will be at the voting booth tomorrow. If you want change, if you want progress, get out to vote for it.
There’s no more cherished right in our democracy than the right to vote. Don’t let yours go to waste. Make a plan today. Vote.
Every moment spent getting out the vote before Election Day is crucial. Every phone call, every knocked door, makes all the difference. This is what democracy looks like. https://t.co/KV7L5flLAa
#TodayWeAct to show up at the polls tomorrow – and that means making a plan to get there. It means encouraging your friends and family to come with you. It means making every effort to get as many Democrats as possible out to vote. If we all do our part, we can win.
#NY23, @mitranoforny23 is going to fight for you and your families. She’s on your side. Make your voices heard at the polls tomorrow! https://t.co/9T9vXjiPx0
Together, we can do whatever we set our minds to. We can make our economy fairer, make sure women are heard and valued and hold this administration accountable for its discriminatory policies. Most importantly, we can get the influence of dark money out of politics for good.
But here’s the thing: The one and only place that real change can start is with you – the grassroots. That is why I won’t take corporate donations. That is why I’m asking you to fight alongside me.
The Trump administration and complicit Republicans have rigged our politics to favor special interests and wealthy corporations – putting them in the driver's seat of our economy at the expense of working families.
Right now, we’re fighting to uphold our country’s most fundamental values: Empowering women, not marginalizing their voices. Standing up for the most vulnerable Americans, not the wealthiest. Getting the influence of dark money out of our elections, not letting it dictate them.
As I run for reelection, I’m refusing to take any corporate PAC money. I think it’s important to tell you why:
This election is about you, your voice and what you care about. I’m campaigning across NY today for those who will fight for what matters most. https://t.co/PUTQ3sXbGi
Don’t let a single hour go to waste. Pick up a phone. Knock on some doors. Get out the vote. I’ll be right there with you. https://t.co/TA7QPwGnu4
We need to show the world that we are more united than ever in the fight against anti-Semitism and all other forms of racism and bigotry. I write more about our obligation to speak out in @jdforward: https://t.co/XlQPdhoKY5
These cowardly, hateful expressions of anti-Semitism must end. It’s up to each one of us to stand against these acts and say no more. https://t.co/HHHuowIfM1
You’ve been leading this resistance from day one. Now we’re closer than ever to achieving accountability and justice this November. Nothing can stop us if we fight hard and finish strong.
These midterms are about deciding whether we’re a country that values women. We must ensure the results send a clear message that women’s voices, stories and experiences – they all matter. We matter.
When women lead, things get done. What would you put first on the to-do list? https://t.co/jHx7RhuZm1
The GOP Congress constantly prioritizes corporations over working families. They drove up the cost of health care. They added an expected $1 trillion to our deficit just to give a tax cut to the wealthy. And they want to keep going. Hold them accountable on Tuesday.
This is what’s on Tuesday’s ballot:

Our access to affordable health care
A woman's right to make decisions about her own body
Real, meaningful gun reform

Don’t sit out of fights this important. Get out to vote for the Democrats who will win them.
Public officials should work for you, not themselves. That’s why I was the first member of Congress to post my official schedule, financial disclosures and tax returns online, and why I banned corporate PAC money from my campaign. I would be honored to continue to serve NY. https://t.co/f1cb8t8YFW
After you’ve encouraged the people you know to get to the ballot box on Tuesday, you can text bank or phone bank with @LetsMobilizeUS to help turn out other voters in your area, too: https://t.co/SM1O76F7VR
There’s too much at stake on Tuesday for anyone to stay home – and you can help make sure they don’t. #TodayWeAct by using @VoteWithMeApp to remind our friends and family to get out and vote, especially those who don’t usually make it to the polls: https://t.co/Kup3lk0Wp4
With so many incredible women candidates running up and down the ballot across the country this year, we all need to step up and do our part. Every knocked door matters. Every phone call matters. Every donation matters. And, most of all, every VOTE matters.
Our resistance comes down to these final days before Nov. 6. Find a way to make a difference, and make it happen. Find doors to knock, and knock them. Find voters to call, and call them. Don’t wake up Nov. 7 wishing you had done more. Do anything and everything you can right now.
Between now and Election Day, it is all about what is possible. I know that the last few months have been exhausting, but the enthusiasm I'm seeing across our state is astounding. If we keep it up, Democrats WILL flip seats across New York and the country on Tuesday! https://t.co/hbHrQyvA5c
Access to health care should be a universal right, but Mitch McConnell is working to cement it as a privilege of the wealthy by promising to repeal the Affordable Care Act if Republicans keep their majority. Protect your health care access by voting for Democrats on Tuesday.
When decisions are being made, if you’re not at the table – you’re probably on the menu. Volunteer, donate to candidates you believe in and tell their stories on social media, and, most of all, vote. It will make all the difference.
.@realDonaldTrump couldn’t find Columbia County on a map. @DelgadoforNY19 is from upstate, just like me. I’m headed to Chatham Brewing to GOTV for him right now. Join us! https://t.co/tZsF8wMMYc
Never doubt that you can have an impact. I’m asking you now to find one way to support a candidate you believe in before Election Day. Whether you knock on doors, phonebank or give $5, every effort makes the biggest difference – and it’s so important that we all do our part.
If women made up 51% of Congress, there’s no way we’d still be fighting to get equal pay for equal work. Let’s elect more women on Tuesday to finally get it done.
On the last Saturday before Election Day, #TodayWeAct to get out the vote. @SwingLeft, @MoveOn and @IndivisibleTeam are all knocking on doors today, so you can find an event near you to help out. I’m counting on you to be there in this final push. Let’s get knocking!
Make sure you enter the voting booth on Tuesday knowing you did everything you could to help Democrats win. In these final days before the midterm election, what are you doing to change our country’s future?
With Justice Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court, we have to take the fight for women’s reproductive rights to the ballot box. We need to elect candidates who will stand up for the rights of women to decide what’s best for our bodies and their families.
Access to clean air and water is a basic right, and I'll always make fighting for strong, commonsense environmental standards a top priority. 

I am so proud to have the endorsement of @LCVoters, who are such great partners in this important work! https://t.co/iFrqfUCOlV
It’s time to stop dreaming about a day when women make up 51% of Congress. We need to make it a reality by voting for the record number of Democratic women running for office at the ballots on Tuesday.
Taking back the Democratic majority is our best defense against the Trump administration’s attacks on our most basic rights. With so many important fights ahead of us, your vote is more critical than ever. I’m counting on you to raise your voice on Election Day.
Everyone has a different reason for making their voice heard at the ballot box. What’s yours? https://t.co/28e0MA9bxo
I was delighted to chat about the upcoming midterm elections with a passionate group of young women @TeenVogue’s Brooklyn meetup tonight! https://t.co/2aztAiUHJc
President Trump is doing everything he can to make this election about him. But we’ve got news for him: This election's about raising our voices, fighting for one another and claiming our power. It isn't about him. It's about us.
Never doubt that your voice and your actions have an impact. I’d love to know how you’re getting involved to make a difference. Share any photos of you and your friends out on the campaign trail to elect Democrats with #TodayWeAct!
Anyone who has made it harder for Americans to exercise their right to vote needs to be voted out on Tuesday. Plain and simple.
I’m counting on each member of this team to spare a few hours to knock on some doors and get out the vote. With so many crucial toss-up races to win, I can’t tell you what a big difference it makes when you lend a hand. Will you help out? Sign up here: https://t.co/DObbZTcmpB
This is #TheLastWeekend to help flip the 23 seats we need to take back the House – and your last chance to make an impact in the most important midterm election of our lifetime. #TodayWeAct by volunteering with @swingleft before Nov. 6 to get out the vote in key swing districts.
With a record number of women running for office this year, we have the opportunity to elect incredible candidates up and down the ballot. If we get to the polls on Election Day, and encourage everyone we know to do the same, we will change the face of Congress on Nov. 6.
If women made up 51% of Congress, we wouldn’t be fighting for better reproductive services or better maternal health care. We’d have them already.
There’s still work to do for New York’s women and working families, and I need you fighting right beside me to get it done. Text FIGHT to 97779 for campaign updates and to learn about critical opportunities to get involved in these final 5 days to Nov. 6. https://t.co/QwvZooA8KZ
Of all the fights we’ve faced, and those still ahead of us, none are more important than our fight to stand up for each other against injustice. An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us.
There are no small ways to get involved in the midterms. Whether you donate, make calls to voters, knock on doors or spread the word on social media, every action makes a difference. So with whatever time you can spare, do something to support a candidate fighting for progress.
No one should have to worry about being denied coverage because of a preexisting condition. About not being able to afford a trip to the doctor, or a medical emergency leaving them bankrupt. But Republican attacks on health care are why Americans are concerned. Vote them out.
#TodayWeAct to make sure Tish has the resources she needs to secure this historic win on Nov. 6. What you give today will ensure she can fight back against President Trump’s next dangerous policy: https://t.co/VPx2zo2Tio
Democratic AGs have the power to block the Trump administration’s most dangerous policies in our courts, which means we have to do everything we can to make sure more progressive women like Tish are elected to this office to stand up for our values and for what’s right.
As the first woman of color to hold citywide office in New York City, @TishJames is running to shatter another ceiling as the first black woman elected attorney general in the state’s history. Her race is crucial in the resistance against President Trump’s agenda. Here’s why:
We’re all dressed up and ready for trick or treating tonight! https://t.co/GKjW5NClWY
Following the heinous mass shooting at Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh, the nation’s major Jewish periodicals published a joint editorial sounding the alarm on rising anti-Semitism in the U.S. Their leadership and resilience stands in stark contrast to hate and divisiveness. https://t.co/4FNwS5mvzG
Happy Halloween!!! https://t.co/MTkPlI8dW6
When women have a seat at the table, we get to the bottom of a problem and we solve it. Imagine how much we could get done if we made up 51% of Congress.
We’ve been marching toward the midterms since millions across the country raised their voices in the largest protest in American history. Now, there’s just one week left to make a difference. How will you continue this march for the next seven days?
How have you made an impact in the final days before Election Day? I’d love to see! Keep sharing your photos and updates using #TodayWeAct.
America was founded by immigrants. Our current president may be afraid of asylum-seekers and people around the world who are in need, but we are not. Our current president may be fearful, but we are not. Our diversity is a strength, and it always will be.
If you want to know where Republicans actually stand on protecting access to health care, look at their votes to weaken and repeal the Affordable Care Act. Now they’re running ads claiming to be champions for health care. We can’t forget where they stand when it matters.
This resistance has been fueled by your calls to Congress, your marches, your protests, your grassroots activism. You have proven the power of our voices when we raise them together. Finish the job. Keep fighting.
When you vote for candidates you believe in, you’re resisting the corruption of special interests funneling money into campaigns in secret, skirting transparency and accountability. When we vote, we take our elections back.
It’s so important to make sure that we spread awareness wherever we can. So keep speaking out. If you have a story to share, share it! Make sure your friends, neighbors, and communities know about our maternal mortality crisis so that they can speak out too. #MaternalJustice https://t.co/az7uSnDsqL
Call Congress! Tell your representatives about how important ending the maternal mortality crisis is to you, and call for the passage of meaningful legislation. Here is the number for the switchboard: (202) 224-3121. #MaternalJustice https://t.co/QphnAt3CrA
Right now, we want to raise awareness and get as much support as we can for the MOMS Act in the Senate. I’m so glad my friends @CoryBooker and @KamalaHarris are co-sponsoring the legislation. We hope to bring on more colleagues and get bipartisan support. #MaternalJustice https://t.co/80LQwy2yXp
This year, I wrote and introduced a bill called the MOMS Act, which would help our hospitals monitor mothers before, during, and after they give birth. It would also provide hospitals with the federal funding they need to effectively treat patients. #MaternalJustice https://t.co/QcdqQ2Mvuc
We also need to address the underlying racial biases in our health system to ensure that health care providers respect and listen to all women. #MaternalJustice
It’s largely due to the lack of funding and resources hospitals need to implement standardized best practices to treat women before, during and after childbirth. #MaternalJustice https://t.co/1TLqbnxu58
Inadequate funding and a lack of standardized best practices in our hospitals around maternal care have been big contributing factors. We need to work to make sure that women are properly monitored before, during, and after childbirth. #MaternalJustice https://t.co/0qiTnKab0f
@MomsRising In New York City, black women are 12x more likely to die from pregnancy-related complications than white women. So, it's critical that we address this — and reject racism and bias in our medical care. #MaternalJustice
@MomsRising My home state of New York has one of the highest maternal mortality rates in the country. Over the past decade, we have experienced a 60 percent increase in maternal mortality. #MaternalJustice
@MomsRising We should call maternal mortality in this country what it is: A crisis. Hundreds of women in the U.S. die each year from childbirth, while tens of thousands needlessly suffer devastating, sometimes life-altering complications. It’s outrageous! #MaternalJustice
@MomsRising @SenBooker @RepJoeKennedy @BlkMamasMatter @ACOGAction @DC_AMCHP @everymomcounts @MarchofDimes @NPWF Delighted to be here! Thanks for having me on. #MaternalJustice
We’ve seen no action from Republicans in Congress despite mass shooting after mass shooting. Why? Because they’re in the pocket of the NRA.

It’s time to vote them out.
#TodayWeAct by putting our feet to pavement to knock on doors and get our neighbors fired up about voting for Democrats. @IndivisibleTeam is leading the charge by hosting canvassing events across the country, so find one near you and get knocking:  https://t.co/aY0VR9IqZ1
It has been 6 years since Superstorm Sandy made landfall and devastated New York's communities. We must recognize our ongoing work to help the families who still struggle to rebuild and fight to secure critical infrastructure upgrades needed to protect against the next big storm.
I was delighted to tour and meet the students and staff of @PerScholas in the Bronx. Per Scholas trains students for careers in tech, giving them the skills needed for some of today's most in-demand high-tech jobs. Had so much fun helping one student with a mock job interview! https://t.co/ztLbiBvPaA
I'll be joining an important discussion on our country's growing maternal health crisis from 8 - 9 pm ET tonight. Details below. You can follow along using #MaternalJustice! https://t.co/eRIp9oMPI2
The gun violence epidemic we face in America is senseless and preventable. Don’t accept excuses from your elected officials. Instead, demand action. Demand change. Demand what’s just common sense. And if they won’t listen, vote them out.
Another mass shooting at another house of worship, this time a hate crime at the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh. I am praying for the victims, their families and the brave officers who risked their lives. To our Jewish neighbors everywhere, we send love. We stand with you.
Want to help Democrats take back the House? #TodayWeAct by volunteering with @swingleft, an organization working to elect Democratic House candidates in critical toss-up races. Click here to find a race near you and make an impact where it matters most: https://t.co/v20GLj8l9P
Don’t let up. Your voices, your passion and dedication, your everyday activism: That’s how we’ll bring about the change we need on Nov. 6.
Mitch McConnell’s plan if Republicans maintain their majority in Congress:

Cut access to health care
Cut Medicare
Cut Medicaid
Cut Social Security

On Nov. 6, vote like these are all on the line, because they are.
That’s why #TodayWeAct by donating to @WomenCount, a crowdfunding platform created by women to support Democratic women in tight races. Will you give right now to help defend crucial women-held Senate seats and elect women running to flip red seats blue? https://t.co/VWV0yjK31L
With only 17 Democratic women in the Senate right now, and over half of them up for reelection, we can’t lose even one of these women-held seats that are critical to fighting for our progress and standing up to the worst parts of President Trump’s agenda.
It’s been incredible to see the dedication and passion of this team participating in #TodayWeAct. You all are why we’re going to bring change this November. Keep sharing your stories, your photos and the ways you’re making an impact before Nov. 6! https://t.co/6HJuziagXS
I want to be completely clear: When we talk about President Trump and Republicans, they are one and the same. 

I’m going to fight with everything I have for our country’s future, and I need you with me. Let’s go. https://t.co/jKo4ntBz43
The NRA, Big Pharma and other special interests use their money to poison our politics. We need to get dark money out of our campaigns. 

Your voice should always be what sounds loudest in our democracy. https://t.co/dpc0XYxqpw
That’s why #TodayWeAct to make sure Tony has what he needs in this final push to Election Day to defeat Walker and bring progressive leadership back to Wisconsin. Can you donate $3 now to help Tony win? https://t.co/E77dEuFX5C
Tony is running for governor to put politics aside, roll up his sleeves and work hard for the people of Wisconsin. I know we can count on him to fight for a stronger public school system, stronger communities and better access to quality, affordable health care.
Gov. Scott Walker is nothing more than a rubber stamp for President Trump’s agenda in Wisconsin, threatening everything from access to health care to public education. We need to make sure @Tony4WI defeats him on Nov. 6.
Such an important victory! Thanks @ACLU for working so hard to protect Georgia’s voters. Let’s never give an inch in our fight to secure the right to vote. https://t.co/yqXTMQOBLS
Too many young people are drowning in student loan debt. They deserve access to affordable higher education. They deserve the opportunity to pursue success without signing away their financial freedom. When we invest in them, we invest in our country.
It’s been so inspiring to see you all out on the campaign trail and using our #TodayWeAct daily actions to make an impact. Keep it up, keep taking action and never doubt what a difference you’re making.
If women ran Congress, we wouldn’t be talking about whether to provide access to birth control or pass national paid leave. We’d do it. Women know how to come together to get things done.
.@votefwd’s mission is simple: Send handwritten postcards to potential Democratic voters in swing districts and ask them to “please vote” on Nov. 6. #TodayWeAct by writing letters to get out the vote! Click here to get writing: https://t.co/Qd1oEaKrzl
Today's atrocious acts of terror were intended to instill fear and intimidate elected officials and journalists. It won't work. I'm grateful to the Secret Service, FBI, Capitol Police, NYS Police, NYPD and local law enforcement officials who acted immediately to keep people safe.
So much that’s wrong with our political system – the soft corruption and interest peddling – has roots in the same place: There’s too much money involved in our campaigns. We need to undo Citizens United and restore power to the people the government is supposed to protect.
If my Republican colleagues truly believe in protecting access to health care, they would be pledging to protect it all the time – not just in the final weeks before Election Day.
Stacey’s always been a champion of voting rights and dedicated her career to getting more people of color and young voters registered. This is why we need her in office more than ever. Every dollar you give now will help her defeat Brian Kemp and win: https://t.co/wW0ILdxJ9V
This policy of stalling voter registration will disproportionately affect people of color, stripping them of their right to make their voices heard at the ballot box – which is exactly what Kemp is counting on.
Let’s be clear about what Stacey’s facing: Her opponent in the race for governor is using the power of his office to try to suppress the vote because he’s fearful that more people turning out will mean he could lose.
At a ticketed fundraising event, @staceyabrams’ opponent Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp reportedly said he had concerns over her campaign’s GOTV operation – “especially if everybody uses and exercises their right to vote.”
Our future Democratic leaders can be found in today’s state legislatures. That’s why #TodayWeAct to Give Smart and help raise $1 million for 8 progressive women running to flip key red seats blue and take back chamber control in their states: https://t.co/BByOpAYOoe
Amy is the fighter we need in Congress – for women, for health care and for our values. That’s why I’m asking you to send her whatever you can right now to make sure she wins and helps take back the House on Nov. 6: https://t.co/pXGkhpc7X7
Here’s the thing: Amy is up against millions in big-dollar donations that right-wing corporate allies have been pouring into this race to defeat her – but I believe in Amy, and I know we can win as long as each member of this team steps up to send our urgent support.
.@AmyMcGrathKY has been breaking down barriers her entire career, like when she became the first woman in the Marines to fly an F/A-18 into combat. Now, she’s running for Congress to break down another one by becoming the only woman to hold federal office in Kentucky.
Sandra Day O’Connor is a trailblazer who paved the way for women to sit on the highest court in our nation. I’m so grateful for her life of service and her countless contributions to this country. My thoughts are with her and her family during this difficult time.
Don’t despair. Organize! I'm hoping you will volunteer on #TheLastWeekend before the midterms. We need every last person out there pounding the pavement. Sign up: https://t.co/DObbZSUL11 https://t.co/a1yJKO0MN4
Early voting has already been underway in a number of states, and officially begins today in many others. @getots broke down key dates state-by-state – so check yours, then click the link to make a plan to raise your voice at the ballot box: https://t.co/zxEeYTOLIq https://t.co/KTEHOP8VAG
But with her opponent using his position as Georgia’s secretary of state to stack the odds against her, #TodayWeAct by donating every dollar we can to make sure Stacey has the resources she needs to get out the vote and secure a historic win on Nov. 6: https://t.co/hzAUW40RGk
Stacey has been a champion of voting rights throughout her entire career. She founded the New Georgia Project specifically to get more minorities and young voters registered. Now, she's running to bring her passion and commitment to the governor’s office.
Let’s be clear about what’s happening in GA: attempted voter suppression. Thousands of voter registrations have been suspended. This is a direct attack on communities of color and their right to make their voices heard. We urgently need to help @staceyabrams fight back.
When this administration spews hate, we will speak out louder. When they commit injustice against one of us, we will come together to stand stronger. When they attack our basic human rights, we will fight back harder. Transgender Americans #WontBeErased. We won’t stand for it.
These children were supposed to be back in the arms of their families months ago. But hundreds are still alone, scared and wondering what will happen to them because of this administration’s sheer incompetence. We cannot stop fighting for them. https://t.co/1550OPZb2k
Our student loan debt crisis is growing worse each day. Meanwhile, the government continues to make a huge profit off of the backs of these college graduates, while Congress and the president do nothing to help. It's time to solve this problem. 

https://t.co/jbo7GiBdyo
It is alarming that women in this country, the richest country in the world, must put their pregnancies at risk in order to keep doing their jobs. We have to raise our standards so they'll never again have to make such a choice. 

https://t.co/qkaXi7Hzn6
With so many races happening right now, it can be tough to decide where to lend a hand. These are some of the Senate candidates that could really use our help. #TodayWeAct to help them take back the Senate this November. See how you can get involved here: https://t.co/2GXbsbWty8
Republicans have consistently voted against: 

Protections for those with preexisting conditions
Access to affordable health care
The right to lifesaving reproductive services 

And they’ll go right back to doing it after the midterms. We have to win.
The Trump administration once again displays their boundless cruelty by proposing yet another terrible, discriminatory policy. 

I want all transgender Americans to know that we will not let anyone erase you. We see you, and we will fight this. 

https://t.co/tZdBW15vlx
This election offers a chance to transform our government under a wave of diverse women candidates. It’s the opportunity of a lifetime. Let’s seize it.
Don’t let this fearmongering deter you from voting. It’s your civil right. It’s how you make your voice heard. And it scares him more than anything. https://t.co/uFp1dEyXKA
Let’s be very clear: The fight for access to safe and legal abortion is about saving women’s lives. And after Republicans forced Kavanaugh onto the Supreme Court, it’s a fight we have to win at the ballot box.
We're seeing tremendous energy from Democrats ahead of the midterms. Everywhere I look, there’s an unparalleled determination from volunteers and supporters across the entire country. Change is coming this November.

Share how you’re making a change with #TodayWeAct.
Your everyday acts of resistance are so powerful. Your voice matters. Every time you call Congress, organize in your community or speak out for change, you’re making a difference.
I’m so proud of my former staffer @SriPKulkarni and excited about his race in #TX22. Sri is embracing the diversity that makes his district strong to run a campaign that speaks to our values as Americans. I can’t wait to work beside him again in Congress when he wins on Nov. 6. https://t.co/ijnqNcTpE6
I couldn’t be more proud to stand with the LGBTQ community. So honored to have received a 100 on @HRC’s Congressional Scorecard! 

Visit https://t.co/Lv98OXwagE to learn more. #HRCScorecard https://t.co/ZYppS3jfvJ
Access to clean air and clean water is a basic right, and polluters should never be allowed to contaminate that right. To keep our resources clean, we must fight for strong, commonsense environmental standards and preserve regulations like the Clean Water Act.
Finally, it’s in tight and highly consequential races like this one where even the smallest donations make the biggest impact. Will you send $5 to help elect Jacky and take back the Senate? https://t.co/qPpVtLAMuB
If you don’t live in Nevada, you can phone bank to reach voters no matter where you are in the country. Every call makes a difference, so follow this link to get started: https://t.co/eK7trqe9pY
Click here to volunteer with Jacky’s campaign team to get her message out on the ground in Nevada: https://t.co/1WG1XCSdYg
For Democrats to take back the Senate in November, we must elect @RosenforNevada. But President Trump is in NV today to campaign for her right-wing opponent, so #TodayWeAct to make an impact where we can in a race this tight – and this important. Here are 3 ways to get involved:
This explanation makes absolutely no sense and defies any believability. There must be a real international investigation and real accountability for this heinous act. https://t.co/muBhCgB8Bd
Democrats have always been leaders in modernizing, expanding and improving our health care system – even when it wasn’t politically popular. We can’t let voters be distracted by these last-ditch efforts by Republicans to win votes.
Keep following #TodayWeAct for a new way to get involved and make an impact every day before Election Day. https://t.co/btKTvS6uSW
Our fight for accountability, justice and progress starts with taking back the House on Nov. 6. @MoveOn is working to elect the candidates who can win back our Democratic majority this November! #TodayWeAct by volunteering to help them do it: https://t.co/2TElPbEX1R
It’s time to make sure more women have a seat at the table. It’s time to get things done. https://t.co/85S3JZHKn3
Republicans drove up our deficit by giving massive tax cuts to their corporate donors and the wealthiest among us. Now, they intend to pay for it by slashing Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security. 

Make sure to vote on Nov. 6 to protect our country from this dangerous agenda.
Change starts with one person raising her hand. She invites a few people to join her, who invite a few more to do the same. Women are changing our politics – and our country. We’re so close to Election Day. We’ve just got to keep fighting. https://t.co/NpKNN0hn63
Skyrocketing income inequality isn’t inevitable. It’s a choice. Let’s demand an economy where working a 40-hour week earns a living wage, women earn equal pay for doing the same job and every person has a chance to succeed.
There’s no way we’d still be defending a woman’s right to abortion if women made up 51% of the House and Senate. With so much at stake, it’s never been more important to elect the record number of women running to make Congress look more like the people it represents.
I'm excited to be campaigning for New Hampshire’s next governor, @NHMollyKelly! She needs help from this grassroots team to take her across the finish line in just 19 days, so #TodayWeAct by sending every dollar we can to make sure Molly wins on Nov. 6: https://t.co/qOUZ4VXtJR https://t.co/hGLAKJVhGf
There's something really special happening in Houston. Check out this amazing endorsement of my former staffer @SriPKulkarni, who's running in Texas's 22nd Congressional District! https://t.co/AaZgTUDKnk
I have – and will continue to – oppose weapons sales due to my concerns. We’re not protecting our national security if we do not stand by our principles.
I have expressed my concerns about Saudi Arabia’s human rights abuses in their own country, as well as the abhorrent loss of civilian lives in their military campaigns in Yemen.
Reports of Saudi Arabia's responsibility for the disappearance and murder of Washington Post journalist Jamal Khashoggi are very disturbing. Our government should hold the Saudi government to account, and maintain U.S. moral leadership and respect for rule of law.
A record number of women are getting off the sidelines to run for Congress, including these eight amazing women who've already served our country. Watch this powerful video to learn how their experiences inspired them to run for office this year! https://t.co/OIRukeG0df
The block you grow up on shouldn’t determine your chance of success. Every child in this country deserves the opportunity to live up to their potential.
In the place of every elected official who put their right-wing political agenda over the stories and voices of women, let’s elect one of the record number of women running for office to fight for equality and justice.
Lauren’s race was just rated a toss-up, and she needs our help to flip this red seat blue. #TodayWeAct because every dollar you give is critical to Lauren’s campaign getting out every last vote to win. Please take part in this fight by sending her $1 now: https://t.co/QNJFyOlisP
When @LUnderwood630’s Republican congressman voted to repeal Obamacare, she knew she had to run for office. That’s one of the things I admire most about Lauren: When her voice wasn’t being represented in Congress, she took it on herself to speak up for her community.
This country would look different if more women held office. We wouldn’t be denied equal pay and paid family leave. We wouldn’t be fighting to protect our reproductive rights. That’s why I’m going to NH to campaign with @NHMollyKelly, who will fight for families and our futures. https://t.co/6pa0q8dbjS
When not up for reelection, Scott Walker and his GOP allies try to restrict access to Medicaid. Now that Nov. 6 is close? He might be stalling his own unfair rules to try to win. Donate to help @Tony4WI beat Walker and protect access to health care: https://t.co/ekkZUm5sJw https://t.co/GkKH7mOtuQ
Real change can come from dedication and a willingness to speak from the heart. 

For each action you take, set an example by encouraging others to do the same. You never know who you might inspire to get involved! 

Set that example today: https://t.co/eWdqnCrkFT #TodayWeAct https://t.co/jo6EdkUnov
#TheFutureIsFemale? Yes, and the present is, too.
Every student deserves access to a quality education. We need to make sure our public schools and classrooms – and the teachers who bring them to life – have the resources they need to support students, help them reach their full potential and pursue their dreams.
Voting is one of our most fundamental rights. Now, when these very rights are at risk, it’s more critical than ever that you get to the ballot box in November to elect more progressive candidates. Make a plan to vote now: https://t.co/mLqxg4nJFm #TodayWeAct
I was so excited to campaign for my friends @staceyabrams and @SarahRiggsAmico in Atlanta last week. Now, the time to elect these incredible women is officially here! If you live in Georgia, go cast your early ballot and make your voice heard. https://t.co/i8dIWs1i4A
Sometimes you need a moment to step back and take joy in the little things. Watch Maple make the shot! https://t.co/IqzP4hMOBN
Whether it’s caring for a newborn child or a sick parent or spouse, or recovering from an injury themselves, Americans need a real paid leave plan in this country that allows them to take the time from work that they need. This can’t wait.
Everything we care about is at stake on Nov. 6. But don’t just vote this year—volunteer! Whether you knock on doors or call voters, if enough of us come together to take action on #TheLastWeekend of this election, Democrats can win all across the country. https://t.co/DObbZSUL11
Each and every one of us has a duty to step up and speak out against injustice when we see it. Because when we all raise our voices, we have it in us to create a better and more just world for everyone.
My friend @HeidiHeitkamp is fighting an uphill battle against Kevin Cramer, who’s made one appalling comment after another about survivors of sexual assault. #TodayWeAct by phone banking to help Heidi defeat him in November. Just click here to get calling: https://t.co/b5AFRlLlNY
I’ll never let up in the fight to keep building on the progress of this movement and support survivors of sexual assault across the country, and neither can you. We must keep marching forward together, one step at a time, until we achieve the justice survivors deserve.
Last year, #MeToo went viral and every survivor who courageously shared their story to empower others sparked an unstoppable march toward justice. But none of this would be possible without the efforts of @TaranaBurke, who began building this movement more than 20 years ago.
We must no longer overlook the women veterans who have made great sacrifices for our country. A change to the VA's motto is long overdue, and would ensure that their honorable service gets the recognition it deserves. #SheWhoBorneTheBattle https://t.co/TZmyU8AqRH
We should call this country’s war on drugs what it really is: a war on communities of color. It’s time to end this discrimination. We need to pass the Marijuana Justice Act.
The stakes in this election: 

Women’s autonomy over our bodies. 
Health care for millions of Americans. 
A Congress that holds this administration accountable. 

You and everyone you know needs to vote on Nov. 6. Make a plan today.
We’ve got to do a better job of supporting working families in this country. That means establishing a minimum wage that’s possible to live on, making it easier to access child care and providing job opportunities to give every American the chance to succeed.
The NRA, giant corporations and the prison-industrial complex all derive influence from the same place: the ability to buy off lawmakers with campaign contributions. We need to get dark money out of our elections to finally push for the reforms that are so desperately needed.
America is supposed to be a promise of opportunity to dreamers, refuge for asylum seekers and a proclamation that out of many, we rise as one. Our country thrives because of its diversity. It always has and always will.
Over 60 women candidates endorsed by @getots are running for office this cycle. #TodayWeAct by giving every dollar we can to help these progressive women take back the House and Senate in Nov. so they can be a voice for the issues women care about most: https://t.co/ZivhswS6Jo
We need to stand with Antonio and show how much we believe in him. Can you rush $5 or more to help him get his vision out, defend what’s right and turn this seat blue? https://t.co/uJjTnWzppV
I know this community. I represented a part of this district in the House. Antonio’s focused on issues that matter to our community, like lowering health care costs, creating good-paying jobs and fighting for a tax system that puts working families first.
Voters in #NY19 are watching attacks on @DelgadoforNY19 that can only be described as racist. It’s outrageous and backward. There can be no place for bigoted dog whistles. Republicans are doing this because they know we are gaining momentum to flip this seat.
Change comes when Americans from all walks of life raise their voices to demand it. You have the power to transform this country. Use it.
Whether you’re knocking on doors, making phone calls, passing out campaign literature or anything else to help elect Democrats this November, I’d love to see! Keep sharing your #TodayWeAct photos to let me know how you’re getting involved and making an impact this cycle.
Congress has the power to prevent the gun violence that’s plaguing our country.
Congress has the power to pass laws that prevent mass shootings. 
Congress has the power to make our schools, our streets and our communities safer for our loved ones. 
Congress must act.
With just a few weekends left before Election Day, #TodayWeAct by joining @runforsomething to find a campaign in your area that needs your help! Click here to get out, knock on doors, phone bank and help elect progressive candidates on Nov. 6: https://t.co/1QzfEGP3db
Congress shouldn't make our 9/11 heroes make trip after to trip to DC, yet again, for them to act. We need to take care of these heroes and their families. Please like and share this to spread the word, and tell Congress to permanently fund the VCF! https://t.co/qDAZHruhKy
Women make up 51% of the population. Imagine if we made up 51% of Congress?
We can’t send @HoulahanForPa to Congress without your help! Get involved in #PA06 here: https://t.co/VCCSgZFt5M #TodayWeAct
Want to make sure we elect @mad4pa in #PA04? Help out her campaign by clicking here: https://t.co/dYbmEi7Xgc #TodayWeAct
To make sure we send @wildforcongress to Washington to represent #PA07, you can get involved here: https://t.co/YK7Btyfnfi #TodayWeAct
To volunteer with @marygayscanlon’s campaign in #PA05, you can sign up here: https://t.co/37UGo1QoSP #TodayWeAct
These 4 incredible Democratic women running for Congress in PA to stand up for our fundamental rights and progressive values. These women are fighting to flip tough red districts blue on Nov. 6, so #TodayWeAct to volunteer and help them win:
#TodayWeAct to elect @marygayscanlon, @wildforcongress, @mad4pa and @HoulahanForPa, who are running in PA to fight for our progressive values in Congress. Every dollar you donate will help them flip key red seats blue and take back the House on Nov. 6! https://t.co/8GwPpZGX6F https://t.co/bgjuHwnBXV
Those who gave everything to fighting Kavanaugh's confirmation are even more determined to be heard on November 6. The energy I've seen is both electrifying and inspiring. I believe we are poised for far-reaching change, and that we will take back the House and Senate. https://t.co/Fu2SiuaxuS
One year ago today, President Trump signed an executive order undercutting the Affordable Care Act and making it even harder for Americans to get coverage. Health care should be the right of all, not the privilege of a few. Our fight for Medicare For All must continue.
Click here to phone bank for PA dems, and keep following #TodayWeAct for more ways to help these amazing candidates. https://t.co/2F2f7WSQ80 https://t.co/2UpLTpNGb9
#TodayWeAct by making sure we, and our friends and family, are registered to vote. NY, ID, OK and most of NC, click here to register before today’s deadlines, and keep following along for new ways to make an impact every day before Election Day! https://t.co/mL0k9H9Cp6
“We are not just dealing with behavior, we are dealing with systems that protect it, and sometimes encourage it, and sometimes reward it.” 

27 years after Anita Hill’s testimony, I will keep fighting for her, for Dr. Ford and for survivors everywhere. https://t.co/rD0JrCIjpd
#TodayWeAct by phone-banking for my friend @staceyabrams to help her win on Nov. 6! I made calls to get her message out to voters when I was in Georgia earlier this week, but she needs your help, too. All you have to do is click here and get calling: https://t.co/lSfzP6RxIz https://t.co/lk6TEwxru6
When girls feel empowered to change the world, they do. 

Today, on International #DayoftheGirl, we stand together in our effort to teach girls that they can grow up and be anything they set their minds to. Their voices are equally heard, equally valued and equally respected.
Can you help phone-bank for Stacey today to get her message out to every voter we can before Election Day? It’s so easy, and you can do it from wherever you are in the country. All you have to do is follow this link and get calling: https://t.co/lSfzP6zWR1
My friend @staceyabrams is running in Georgia to advocate for equality and justice – and make history as our country’s very first black woman governor! #TodayWeAct to make sure we elect Stacey on Nov. 6.
Please, everyone in the path of Hurricane Michael, do not underestimate its potential danger. Seek shelter where you can. Make sure you have food, water and other emergency supplies. Take the time to prepare for the impact of this storm and keep yourself safe.
To all my fellow New Yorkers, tomorrow is your LAST day to register to vote! Don’t miss the opportunity to make your voice heard on Nov. 6 – click here to register or check your status: https://t.co/nw43pGIXKI #TodayWeAct
Our seniors should not be living one large expense away from poverty. Congress should listen to the American people by working to strengthen and #ExpandSocialSecurity. One step we can take immediately is to make sure that seniors’ benefits cover the expenses they face each day.
A 2.8% cost of living adjustment for seniors on their Social Security is simply not enough. At a time when Congress rewards their corporate donors with tax breaks for investments overseas, they continue to shortchange our seniors. https://t.co/YncncGZGzS
On National Coming Out Day, we celebrate the bravery of all who have come out as LGBTQ, and those who are taking that courageous step today. I’m proud to fight alongside you all, today and always, to be a country where everyone can safely love who they love and be who they are.
Thank you for having me! It was such a great event! Everyone go follow @RunforSomething to check out all of they great work they’re doing to help Dems win up and down the ballot in November. https://t.co/pwIexgCBQ3
We’re strongest when we stand united in the struggle for equality and justice. No matter what we look like or where we come from, an injustice against one of us is an injustice against all of us. We must keep lifting each other up.
#TodayWeAct by coming together to do something big: Raise $1 million in 24 hours to flip 8 key, NRA-backed congressional seats blue! But we can’t do it without you. Will you give now to elect 8 Democrats who are fighting for commonsense gun reform? https://t.co/5YJoqCBmvv
With so many ways to make a direct impact leading up to Election Day, I’m counting on you to get up, get involved and get out to vote. If you’re wondering how you can help, follow #TodayWeAct to see a different action you can take each day until Election Day.
We can take back the House and Senate and finally stop President Trump’s cruel agenda. We can elect a record number of women and ensure our voices sound louder than ever. We can shift from fighting for our basic rights to making meaningful strides toward change and progress.
Women have been speaking out and leading this resistance from day one. After watching our voices get dismissed when we most desperately needed to be heard, I know it’s easy to feel defeated. But we can change everything Nov. 6. Here’s why and how:
I am excited to announce that my bipartisan legislation, the Fort Ontario Study Act, was signed into law. This begins the process of creating a national park site at Fort Ontario and the Safe Haven National Refugee Shelter Museum, a fitting honor for these extraordinary sites.
My thoughts are with everyone in the path of Hurricane Michael as it makes landfall on Florida’s coast. It could be one of the most powerful storms to hit this region, so please keep yourself and your loved ones safe
Here’s what my colleagues and I are doing: We’ve set a goal of raising $1 million in the next 24 hours to power eight Democrats to office and weaken the NRA’s grip on our politics. Help us do it. Help us change this country. https://t.co/vYdMeG5icA
This is a choice they make, but we can make our choice, too: 

Let’s vote them out.
This is a heartbreaking way to live. And the only reason we’re stuck here is because congressional Republicans are in the pocket of the NRA and put campaign contributions before our children’s safety.
What’s happening in our country is devastating. I’ve had parents tell me they fear as they watch their child climb the school bus steps in the morning. And they’re surprised by the depth of relief they feel when that child steps off those same steps at the end of the day.
If we wait for the next tragedy before we act on gun violence, we will already be too late. That’s why I’m joining with a group of colleagues to support eight Democratic candidates who are taking on some of the NRA’s biggest allies in Congress.
There are more young migrant children in government custody than ever, held indefinitely in shelters that were meant to be temporary. We can’t stop fighting for these kids. We must demand justice for this administration’s absolute cruelty. https://t.co/YJEuRouqQu
We can change everything this Election Day. With so many ways to make an impact, I’m counting on you to get up, get involved and get out to vote. Want to know how you can help? I’ll be sharing a different action each day until Nov. 6. Follow along with the hashtag #TodayWeAct!
If we want to pass paid leave and equal pay and finally take on sexual assault, we need more women in elected office. This year, more women than ever are running up and down the ballot and winning their primaries. This is how we make progress for our values.
There’s a big deadline for lots of states tonight, so make sure you’re registered to vote! Click the link to check your status and your state’s deadlines. Already registered? Share this with your friends and family to make sure they are, too! https://t.co/mL0k9H9Cp6 https://t.co/JoL1ItAl8t
The Trump administration has failed on climate change. This new report makes clear how serious a threat that failure is. For our kids, for our planet, for our future, we have to act before it’s too late. https://t.co/LH2JREsRBo
.@LucyWins2018 is running for Congress to be a voice for change and progress. You donating to win key red-to-blue districts like this one can help Dems take back the House Nov. 6! https://t.co/DIFvMwhqWx https://t.co/R6yBWaegw8
I’ve been honored to fight alongside this team against the discriminatory policies of this administration. We have a huge opportunity in November to elect leaders that will hold the Trump administration accountable. There’s too much on the line to stay home on Election Day.
I was so fired up to make calls for @StaceyAbrams today in Georgia! If you want to take action to help elect Stacey, head here: https://t.co/lSfzP6zWR1 https://t.co/OmUP9PCvFV
Kevin Cramer does not belong in the Senate. Donate to Heidi Heitkamp now to make sure he doesn’t get there: https://t.co/czcWoaOlre https://t.co/WZzDfvWwox
Now more than ever, we are called to honor the fighters who came before us by speaking out, by calling out injustice when we see it, by mobilizing our communities, and by casting our votes. It was an honor to address @NYSNAACP — thank you for having me! https://t.co/olStiCBaqn
Change doesn’t come from those who sit quietly on the sidelines. Change comes from those who stand up to fight for it. Change comes from speaking truth to power. Change can bring accountability, justice and progress alongside it.
I'm so devastated to hear of the terrible accident in Schoharie, NY today. My heart goes out to all who lost loved ones — and grateful to the first responders on the scene.
Women have been fighting day in and day out just to defend our most basic rights. We’ve been speaking out. We’ve been marching. And our long march toward equality takes its next big step forward Nov. 6. Progress can be slowed, but it’ll never be stopped.
I met a great candidate last night, Danielle Mitchell (@DMMD4TNCongress), who's running for Congress in Tennessee's 3rd district. They say that Dems can't win in that district, but I say, “yes they can." I’m supporting her campaign today and you can too: https://t.co/fuKkLkFopG
Every dollar you give before Nov. 6 goes a long way in making sure Dems can flip seats in the Senate and fight this administration’s dangerous agenda. Donate what you can to help @BetoORourke, @kyrstensinema and @RosenforNevada win in tough red states: https://t.co/vYArzTUNd4
Change takes work. For the next 30 days, I’m counting on you to find a way to get involved and stay involved to help elect progressive voices across the country who will stand up for our values. Click here to find a race near you that needs your help: https://t.co/Ro3OURHHEx
The most important thing you can do is vote. Are you registered? Have your friends and family registered? If not, here’s info on how to do it, find your polling place and make a plan: https://t.co/36wtF4Xvoy
Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation just cemented Nov. 6 as one of the most important elections of our lifetimes. We’ve spoken out time and again. We have the chance to change who represents us this November – a chance to make sure it’s people we can count on to do the right thing.
We must keep fighting to be a country that values women. A country that empowers them to raise their voices and actually listens to what they have to say. A country that believes their stories. A country whose potential will always be tied to women’s progress.
Don’t get fed up. Get fired up. Hold onto the hurt and anger you feel now to fuel our fight forward. We need to organize, volunteer and donate to defeat everyone who wouldn’t listen. We need to go to the ballot box on Nov. 6 and vote for candidates who share our values.
But make no mistake: Our fight was not for nothing. The bravery of Dr. Ford’s testimony inspired women everywhere. Her strength will forever be a source of strength as we continue to fight for survivors to be believed, for women to be valued. And we won’t stop fighting.
The Senate confirmed Judge Kavanaugh against the will of millions of Americans. So many called their senators to ask they vote no. Women stepped forward with stories of experiencing the horrors and trauma of sexual assault.
In a few hours, the U.S. Senate will turn its back on righteousness, on fairness, on reason. And make no mistake, it will turn its back on women. 

Don't let this silence you. Don't lose hope. Because millions are watching this moment — and we will rise up and fight back.
From the first moments of this administration, women have marched. But these aren’t walks in the park. When we march, we do it together, with purpose and for our future. We won’t be silent. We won’t stop.
Do Senate Republicans believe women? Do they value our stories? Do they trust what we share about our experiences? Their answers will be recorded for history when we vote on Judge Kavanaugh.
What we've seen over the last few weeks is an exercise of power. Instead of getting to the truth, we've witnessed those in power ram though a Supreme Court nominee who is completely unfit to serve. 

But things are changing and they are changing fast. November is coming.
I want to make clear to every woman and every survivor that I hear you, that I will keep fighting for you, and that you will not remain unheard. 

This morning, I'll share your stories from the Senate floor. Tune in at 6am on @CSPAN.
.@kyrstensinema is running in a critical toss-up race to flip a red Senate seat blue in Arizona. Every dollar you can give right now will make sure she can win in November, defeat her extremist opponent and help Democrats take back the Senate: https://t.co/u3J9w31OOI
If we’re going to take back the Senate and fix what’s happening in Congress, we must elect @RosenforNevada. She’s up against millions of dollars from right-wing groups dead set on defeating her in Nevada. Please rush $5 or more now to help her fight back: https://t.co/IRQgm8jF32
My friend @clairecmc’s race is a dead heat in Missouri, and she’s facing more than $20 million in attacks from those who want to flip her seat red. I’m asking you to rush anything you can to make sure we keep Claire’s voice in the Senate: https://t.co/6EOFWHgq4D
.@HeidiHeitkamp’s courage to vote against Judge Kavanaugh, just because it’s the right thing to do, means right-wing groups will spend millions more to defeat her in North Dakota. I need you to rush Heidi $5 right now to make sure she can win in November: https://t.co/6L4cRCNh0O
It’s up to us to prove that this country is behind those who stand with women. With survivors. That means supporting the candidates who fight for what’s right. I want to tell you about 4 of the toughest races in the country right now where women need our help today:
I will never stop fighting for survivors of sexual assault. When you tell your stories, we’ll amplify your voices. We will achieve the justice and accountability you deserve. We will never give up. We will never give in.
If you don’t like who represents you in Washington, change who represents you in Washington. https://t.co/wgKuCrsxvE
We’ll fight to the very end because our voices can never be taken from us. Now’s the moment they matter most. Keep raising them. Call here: (202) 224-3121
This is only a vote to end debate. This fight is not over. This is the moment when your voices matter most. Keep raising them. As loud as you can. Call your senators and don’t stop between now and the final vote: (202) 224-3121
We have to keep raising our voices. To keep making our outrage heard. To keep fighting for survivors, for women and for justice. This isn’t over. We have the power to stop Kavanaugh’s confirmation, but we can’t let up. Keep calling your senators, and don’t stop: (202) 224-3121
When faced with hate, fight back with unshakeable hope. When dismissed, respond with unbreakable drive. When silenced, raise your voices in unity. Keep your spirits up. Together, we're unstoppable.
If the Senate was 51% women, would SCOTUS nominees look like Brett Kavanaugh, or like Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Elena Kagan and Sonia Sotomayor? Let’s elect record numbers of women so our high offices are held by leaders who’ll do the most good for the most people.
We cannot give up the fight to #StopKavanaugh. This isn’t over until the votes are cast. We have the power to stop his lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court, but we have to speak out right now, and we have to speak out louder than ever.
I read the FBI report. This investigation was a sham. Its purpose was not to get to the bottom of the allegations against Judge Kavanaugh. Its purpose was not to find the truth. Its purpose was to give cover.
This is a fight for every woman who has ever been disbelieved, disregarded, distrusted, and devalued for coming forward and daring to speak the truth.

Keep on fighting. And do not forget that November is coming. 

#CancelKavanaugh https://t.co/BZnS7uDKsO
Now that Heidi has made her courageous choice, we know what happens next: Right-wing groups will spend millions to defeat her. And she’s already down in the polls in a race we absolutely must win. I’m asking you to rush $5 to help her win in November: https://t.co/TSjw7ul8jG
And while our fight to stop Kavanaugh isn’t over yet, if Heidi’s opponent, Kevin Cramer, were in the Senate, it could be. We can’t lose Heidi’s voice and vote. We need her to stay strong in this race, defeat Cramer and help protect the future of the Supreme Court.
.@HeidiHeitkamp just announced she’ll vote against Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation. This is a vote for her conscience and for her state, one she made regardless of any attacks she'll face. Heidi’s a fighter. She’s fearless.
Women are watching as the most powerful people in this country disbelieve, distrust and minimize their experiences.

We need to answer this: Are we a country that values women? Do we believe women when they tell us about sexual trauma? Do the stories of survivors matter to us?
So what do we do next in the fight to stop Judge Kavanaugh and stand with survivors? We fight like our rights and lives are on the line, because they are. Keep going. Be heard. https://t.co/P6ekshwDW5
If we want to win in November, each of us has to step up. We have to organize. We have to talk to every voter we can about the candidates running in our communities to fight for change and progress. We have to make every moment count between now and Election Day.
This report makes clear: Congress needs to investigate and hold the administration accountable. We need to step up and act to ensure this failure of policy and humanity never happens again. Ever.
And it’s not even over. There are still kids who haven’t been returned to their parents. Through sheer incompetence, the administration didn’t take steps in each case to record family connections to even make reunification possible. It wreaked havoc in families and kids’ lives.
It’s hard to believe this could happen here, but it did. These were families coming to us for help. In desperation, they turned to us for asylum and refuge. And we responded by imprisoning them. By ripping children from parents.
I went to a border facility and saw the conditions in which some of these kids were kept. I saw firsthand 1,400 children living in an industrial converted Walmart. The kids were monitored 24/7, their every move on camera. These were terrible conditions for kids to live under.
Our U.S. government held at least 860 kids in holding cells longer than the 72-hour limit mandated by the courts. One child was confined to a cell for 12 days. Another for 25.
Sec. Nielsen needs to be removed as Secretary of Homeland Security, or she needs to resign. Every day she remains the head of this agency is an insult to the values of our nation.
Sec. Kirstjen Nielsen said in June that "we do not have a policy of separating families at the border,” but it wasn’t true. The so-called “zero tolerance” policy seems to have been implemented to cause maximum pain to families. https://t.co/SfFfRRL00v
The harm our government has done to families seeking help at our border is absolutely devastating. The cruelties were unfathomable. The lies were repeated. The details in a report by DHS’ Office of Inspector General are heartbreaking. Thread:
This is completely despicable. https://t.co/PMLug9os2Z
Today’s to-do list:

1. Call your senators to demand they oppose Kavanaugh
2. Call your senators to demand they oppose Kavanaugh
3. Ask a friend to call their senators, too
4. Call your senators to demand they oppose Kavanaugh 

Seriously. Don’t stop calling: (202) 224-3121
The stakes of the vote on Kavanaugh? Deciding whether we’re a country that listens to and believes women. 

Each of my colleagues in the Senate needs to determine if women’s voices, traumas and stories matter to them. I’ve made my decision.
Brett Kavanaugh is not entitled to a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court. He’s done nothing but demonstrate that he is not fit to serve on the nation’s highest bench. Call your senators to demand that he isn’t able to: (202) 224-3121
What's scary is women having to put their lives, health, and careers at risk to share their painful traumas, only to have their experiences minimized and devalued by men in power. https://t.co/8I3ySVBOIJ
The 9/11 Victim Compensation Fund must be fully funded &amp; not allowed to expire in 2020. As cancer rates among 9/11 first responders continue to rise, @SenSchumer, @RepMaloney, @RepNadler, @RepPeteKing &amp; I urge Congress to stand by our heroes &amp; permanently reauthorize and fund it.
We have to keep fighting to be a country that stands up for survivors, not one that enables predators. One that listens to women’s stories and experiences, not one that dismisses their voices. One that empowers women, not one that places their value below a man’s promotion.
The FBI needs to get to the bottom of this. Lying under oath to the Senate Judiciary Committee about when he knew about the Deborah Ramirez story isn’t a "little thing” — it would be disqualifying. https://t.co/tKC9g9KuDQ
If we stand by and hope for things to get better, they never will. We need to put in the work together to carve out a path toward accountability, justice and change.
November 6 can change everything. We must make sure our candidates have what they need to flip critical red seats blue. Our country’s future – and women’s place in it – depends on it. Can you give $3 or more now to help Democrats #FlipTheSenate? https://t.co/frSagEdHZy
The White House didn’t want to hear from Dr. Blasey Ford. They didn’t want a complete FBI investigation until they were forced to conduct one — and even then, they only wanted a sham investigation to provide cover. Keep speaking out. Don't rest until we get to the bottom of this. https://t.co/ZTdM7VSGZ4
My heart is with loved ones of victims and those injured in the horrific shooting in Las Vegas one year ago today, but thoughts and prayers will never be enough. To honor them, we must demand change. We must vote out every elected leader who won’t stand up to the NRA.
The nightmare of the Trump administration's inhumane border policy continues to unfold.

We cannot let these children be forgotten. https://t.co/8klUStML5C
In light of Sec. Mattis’s dismissive comments about the ability of women to serve in combat roles, this important signal keeps faith with those who risk their lives for our nation's safety. I'm glad that @servicewomen's lawsuit will move forward. https://t.co/mrtdJcY61d
With every moment we have, we need to raise our voices to make every senator hear us. This is no time to grow weary. Speak out. Demand justice. Call your senators and tell them to vote NO: (202) 224-3121.
We need to keep fighting to show women they are valued and that even when the odds are stacked against us, we’ll keep fighting for one another. The biggest way we can do that is by sticking up for each other with the way we vote on Nov. 6.
When they want to minimize you, fight back. 

When they can't look you in the eye, make them hear you. 

We deserve to be valued and believed. And if we keep raising our voices, we will. https://t.co/PrpqAKWvOe
Women have had so much thrown at us. We have so much at stake. Our most basic rights are on the line. Our health care. Our ability to make decisions about our own bodies. November is coming, and with it, a lot of angry women who are about to make their voices heard.
I'll ask again: What is this White House afraid of?
https://t.co/SFK9lcCyK0
This has been a traumatizing, triggering time for survivors of sexual assault. Incredible organizations are by their side, supporting them and advocating for them. Those organizations need our help now. If you can, please give now: https://t.co/QgdaIRZkHT
Our economy, our culture and our country as a whole are only made stronger by diversity. This Hispanic Heritage Month and beyond, we celebrate the countless ways that Hispanic and Latinx communities contribute to this country and make our society better.
This year, before Judge Kavanaugh was nominated to the Supreme Court, more women were running for office than ever before. Now we have one more reason to be outraged. One more reason to work harder than ever to get these women get elected. One more reason to get out and vote.
Every dollar you give to Beto, Kyrsten, Jacky and Phil is a dollar they can put to work defeating the Republicans who have shown they’ll disregard women whenever it supports their agenda. Can you give $3 or more right now to #FlipTheSenate? https://t.co/fYuO4TBpZ3
This confirmation process has been a low point for the Senate and for America. But the outcome doesn’t have to be. We can still Stop Judge Kavanaugh, but it will take every one of us putting everything we’ve got into this fight. Keep raising your voices.
Today was a day of hope, a reminder that women will keep speaking out. That we can, and will, demand more of powerful, male elected leaders and remind them that women’s voices matter. https://t.co/Ma5eciRQz8
I know this week has been difficult, but I wanted to let you know how inspired I’ve been by just how hard you’ve pushed to protect our values and the people you love. Women have endless resilience. Take care of yourselves and one another. We’ll need to keep going.
Republican leadership is still pushing to confirm Judge Kavanaugh, only agreeing to an FBI investigation after a few swing votes pledged to vote “no” without it. This is our chance to keep fighting. Call your senators and tell them to vote NO: (202) 224-3121.
Any senator who votes to confirm Judge Kavanaugh after Dr. Ford’s testimony is telling our country exactly this: the experiences of women don’t matter. Their trauma doesn’t matter. Their stories and their voices don’t matter.
Every day, but this week especially, I want you to know that if you are a survivor of sexual assault, you are not alone. I hear you, I believe you, and I am standing with you. Now and always.
Staring at an all-male Senate majority, Dr. Ford gave a powerful, honest testimony of the lasting trauma Judge Kavanaugh has caused her. The bravery she’s demonstrated has made her a hero. To survivors of sexual assault, to women and to our country.
The questioning from the Republican members of the Judiciary Committee made this clear: They have no interest in the truth. They only want to get through this and get Kavanaugh confirmed. It brings shame to the entire Senate and Supreme Court.
Dr. Christine Blasey Ford, you are a hero.
In the face of the hate that comes from the highest places of power in Washington, we must never stop speaking out for fairness, for justice and for what’s right. Not now. Not ever.
I believe the women. https://t.co/su6dg15SwB
In everything we do, we must remember: Our girls and boys are watching. What kind of message do we send by putting a man’s promotion before a woman’s trauma? My colleagues in the Senate need to step up and do the right thing. https://t.co/7qLUul9QD0
Here’s what @realDonaldTrump made clear, yet again, at his press conference: He doesn’t believe women. He disbelieves them automatically, as a matter of course, and the Republican Party is standing behind him.
At the end of the day, Judge Kavanaugh is interviewing for a job. And in job interviews, character counts. Past actions matter. We need another nominee.
When Dr. Blasey Ford testifies, I'll be there. I'll have her back, and so will millions of women all across this country. America's women are listening, we're paying attention, and we believe her. https://t.co/34NwVpI4cp
From @aminatou who bravely told her story: "The truth is our strength. We are each other’s strengths. To the women who are struggling: I see you. I am sorry we have to through this. Thank you for trusting us with your stories. I am heartened by them &amp; honored to know about you."
Women who are tired of seeing the same outcomes over and over again, where men are believed and women are not.

They can't believe their eyes when they see women being treated with less respect than Anita Hill.
These last two weeks have been painful for women across this country. 

Women who have lived through their own trauma. 

Women who are tired of being treated as inconsequential or as an inconvenience.
This process is sending the worst message possible to girls and boys. When will Republicans stop this charade and value women? Do the right thing, end this nomination.
One claim should have been enough for an investigation. Two was an embarrassment to ignore. Three is an absolute disgrace. If we allow women's experiences of sexual trauma to be second to a man’s promotion, it will bring shame on this body and on the Supreme Court.
My Republican colleagues on the Judiciary Committee need to do their jobs. From the beginning, they’ve treated this not like a confirmation, but an inconvenience. https://t.co/pqUeFEbmB8
Now is the time for our country to come together and show that we value women. That we stand with women. That we will do what it takes to secure equality for women.
Senate Republicans aren't even pretending to consider Dr. Ford's testimony. Rushing a vote sends a clear signal: They don't value survivors. They don't believe women. https://t.co/gwQUr9b3Ci
If recent news around sexual violence has been difficult for you or a loved one to hear about, take a look at these resources and please, take care of yourself and your loved ones: https://t.co/W9zi0Os6V2
What does the President of the United States do after being laughed at on the world stage at #UNGA? Disgracefully attacks women, once again. Women will not be silenced. Get registered, make a plan to vote and make your voices heard. https://t.co/mL0k9GS1xy
Yes. https://t.co/t16FwlQ5Tq
We have the power to demand accountability, change and progress in November, but it’s going to take every one of us getting out to vote on Election Day. So if you aren’t registered yet, use this link to register today: https://t.co/mL0k9GS1xy #NationalVoterRegistrationDay
A Fox News interview is not the same as an FBI interview.

If Brett Kavanaugh really wants a “fair process,” we need the FBI to conduct a full investigation to establish the facts, including interviews with corroborating witnesses. https://t.co/k0GXgdX6aA
#BelieveSurvivors https://t.co/Q32B20YxHY
The Senate must step up to protect the Special Counsel immediately. We must pass the bipartisan bill to protect the Mueller investigation. The American people deserve answers about Russian interference in our democracy.
The Senate should not be complicit in supporting a candidate with such serious and credible allegations of sexual misconduct.
Enough is enough. One credible sexual assault claim should have been too many to get a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court and make decisions that will affect millions of women’s lives for generations. Two is an embarrassment. It’s time for a new nominee.
Senate Republicans were trying to rush a vote while they knew Deborah Ramirez would come forward with her story. They deny Dr. Ford an FBI investigation, won’t subpoena corroborating witnesses, and now, this. It’s an embarrassment. They have absolutely no interest in the truth.
.@HeidiHeitkamp’s Republican opponent, Kevin Cramer, casually dismissed the sexual assault allegation against Kavanaugh. Cramer has no place in the Senate. Help keep him out by rushing a donation to Heidi’s campaign: https://t.co/6BexiNrRq6 #StopKavanaugh
What is the White House trying to hide? https://t.co/YkFK4PfE7w
When we stand up and raise our voices in unison, we are an unstoppable force. So let’s be loud, let’s be fearless, and, together, let’s keep fighting for progress.
The current administration is fueling fear and hatred of immigrants. This is a nation of immigrants, and we cannot forget who we are or stay silent on our beliefs. That means speaking out against hate – for as long as others try to spread it. https://t.co/fYydCOZKfM
Heidi’s down by more than 1 point in the polls, so I’m asking you to rush $5 to her campaign to help shut Kevin Cramer out of this race for Senate control and send a message that anyone who supports sexual assault will have no place in our nation’s Senate: https://t.co/ZrjnbJfgue
We can’t let someone like Kevin Cramer, who casually dismisses sexual assault, into the Senate. And we can’t lose Heidi’s voice and vote as a woman. But their race in North Dakota will decide Senate control in November, and right now it’s the closest Senate race in the country.
.@HeidiHeitkamp’s opponent, Kevin Cramer, just supported Judge Kavanaugh by saying it's unreasonable to require "a perfect record." To be clear, the "perfect record" we’re asking for from a Supreme Court justice is that they've never assaulted a woman.
Take time today to read the stories people are sharing using #WhyIDidntReport. This is why we have to change the toxic culture around harassment and assault.

To every survivor out there: I see you. You deserved better, and we will keep fighting for justice.
This is appalling. The Trump administration’s incompetence has left these kids vulnerable to human trafficking and abuse. This administration must take immediate responsibility for the care of these children and ensure the safety of every last one of them. https://t.co/bP9est18mp
With just a few more weekends before Nov. 6, I can’t think of a better way to spend a Saturday or Sunday afternoon than knocking on doors, making phone calls to voters and helping elect progressive candidates running up and down the ballot. I hope you’ll be out there with me!
Stop demanding that she show up before she is able to. And stop with this ridiculous and non-serious offer of outside counsel. If you can’t do your jobs and ask your own questions to her face, get off the committee.
Senate Republicans can’t summon the decency to treat Dr. Ford with the respect that she deserves. Stop the bullying tactics and take yes for an answer. Call Mark Judge and other witnesses to get the facts instead of putting her on trial.
If you want to see what it looks like to get off the sidelines and fight for what you believe in, look no further than @AmyMcGrathKY. She’s built a grassroots movement fueled by the people of #KY06. Can you give $5 to make sure Amy wins? https://t.co/EH3czPHwS4 https://t.co/e08HmUq1Rd
Congrats to @SRachelMay on her win in the Democratic primary for NY's 53rd State Senate District. I know she'll be a champion for working families in Central NY &amp; a great partner in the fight to end the influence of dark money in politics. We need her voice in the State Senate.
I'm campaigning today for @BenJealous. He’s running for governor in Maryland to fight for our progressive values – like #MedicareForAll and access to good education. We need more people like Ben in office, so will you give $5 now to help him get there? https://t.co/q5rXp2tyXc
Senate Judiciary Republicans should denounce this vile attack immediately, or be culpable in the smearing of a citizen, a sexual assault survivor, by the president.
We know who he is, and we know what we have to do. Dr. Ford does not have to fight this alone. Because this is unacceptable.
This is the same man who protected a domestic abuser on his staff and campaigned for a credibly accused pedophile. The same man who refuses to allow the FBI to investigate the allegation.
The most powerful man in the world just used his position and platform to attack a sexual assault survivor. This is the same man who has been credibly accused of more than a dozen cases of sexual assault or harassment — who has bragged about committing sexual assault on tape!
We need more women in public life. We need women leading businesses small and large. We need women developing the technologies that will change our lives. We’re all better off when women’s voices are heard.
The fundamental questions we must answer right now: 

Do we value women? 
Do we believe women? 
Do we give them the opportunity to tell their story? To be heard? 
Will we ensure they get the justice they deserve? 

We must fight to be a country that answers, “Yes,” every time.
We can’t let President Trump force this into the shadows along with the other countless failures of his administration. We need to continue to shed light on this issue until we can deliver the accountability and justice Puerto Rico deserves.
Congress must right this terrible wrong. I’m calling for an official investigation into why our fellow Americans were left without the support they needed. And I’m cosponsoring a debt-relief bill to ease the financial burden so they can recover and move forward.
One year later, families are still homeless, living under blue tarps or without power. Meanwhile, President Trump is denying the death toll of nearly 3,000 Americans and claiming his administration did a “fantastic job” of sending support to Puerto Rico.
Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico one year ago, but the islands are still grappling with the devastation. President Trump and his administration have shown nothing but disrespect and neglect for our fellow citizens who continue to cope with the tragedy today.
I believe Dr. Christine Blasey Ford.

She’s not asking for extraordinary measures; she’s asking for basic fairness.

I hope that every woman in America is paying close attention to what is happening in the U.S. Senate right now. https://t.co/0CtqpAAvBf
For the sake of a fake timeline, Republicans are railroading Dr. Ford into a sham hearing meant to smear her character and dismiss her allegations. 

This isn’t just about one incident. It’s about whether we'll send women who have experienced sexual trauma back into the shadows.
Equal pay shouldn’t be about party or politics. It’s about doing the right thing and putting a stop to discrimination. If your representatives aren’t part of this fight yet, call them now and demand they take action. You can see where they stand here: https://t.co/m6BeahEGH8
Puerto Rico is still grappling with the devastation from Hurricane Maria a year after it made landfall there. We failed to get them the proper support once already. I’m cosponsoring a debt-relief bill to ease the financial burden of recovery and get them that support now.
From our places of worship to children’s books, we see the same fundamental truth: When we help our neighbor, we’re better off. We’re always stronger when we lift one another up.
Denying Dr. Ford an FBI investigation is silencing her. Forcing her into a sham hearing is silencing her. And pushing through Brett Kavanaugh’s confirmation is silencing her. https://t.co/VCUcp9C28y
What Republicans are doing to Dr. Ford is shameful. By refusing to treat her allegations properly and by playing games to protect Kavanaugh’s nomination, they're telling women across the country that they're not to be believed. 

That they are worth less than a man’s promotion.
We can’t fail Dr. Ford the same way – but she hasn’t even been granted the FBI investigation Anita Hill received. We can’t change our country’s culture of sexual harassment and assault if we don’t change our treatment of survivors. A country that values women wouldn’t allow this.
In 1991, Anita Hill stepped forward to tell disturbing stories of sexual harassment by Justice Clarence Thomas. The Senate failed her. They failed to take her testimony seriously. They failed to give her the respect she deserved.
At its best, America’s a land of hope and opportunity. The Trump administration may slow and even undo progress, but when we stand together, we will endure. We’re in a fight for the soul of this country, and fight we will.
It all comes down to this question: Do we value women?

Dr. Christine Blasey Ford deserves to tell her story. She deserves respect and a full investigation. https://t.co/Eck8sxnsgL
Dr. Ford’s request for an FBI investigation must be honored. With attempts to smear her credible assault allegations, she shouldn’t be subjected to sham judgment by an all-male panel of GOP senators not interested in the truth. She deserves a nonpartisan review of the facts.
The latest Supreme Court decision that big-dollar donors to campaign ads must now be disclosed is a huge victory in the fight against dark money that has corrupted our politics. Now we must keep fighting for more transparency and accountability in our elections. https://t.co/HdDDTm9r2U
To all observing Yom Kippur in New York and around the world, sending my best wishes for an easy and meaningful fast.
Black mothers die from pregnancy- and childbirth-related complications at up to 4 times the rate of white mothers because of systemic inequality. It stops now. The MOMS Act would provide hospitals with the tools to save women’s lives. Congress must pass it. #MoreForMOMS
The Senate Judiciary Committee didn’t listen to her 27 years ago. They should listen to her now. https://t.co/VeJIjXCDr9
All my thoughts are with those who lost loved ones in Hurricane Florence, and those who continue to grapple with the destruction it’s brought. The support of this country is behind you, and we’ll walk alongside you on the long road to recovery.
In moments of crisis, it is our duty to come together as a country to provide support for those who need it. Please send whatever you can to the nonprofits providing critical emergency relief to those affected by Hurricane Florence: https://t.co/T1cJ8h7T8Q
“Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free …”

Our country was founded as a place of hope &amp; refuge. @realDonaldTrump can try to change that, but he won’t win. We must keep fighting to make sure America’s doors stay open to those who need asylum. https://t.co/49qZayMzr3
Mothers are already dying at unacceptable rates due to the lack of health care available to women in America. We don’t need to add unsafe abortion practices to the mix. We need to make sure women get the care they need and deserve. That means protecting safe and legal abortion.
Professor Blasey Ford showed immense courage and bravery by coming forward to tell her story.

I believe her and will stand by her. We must all come together to support her.
When teachers are underpaid and our classrooms are lacking essential materials, our students suffer. Creating a better future for our children starts with paying teachers fairly.
It’s called protecting confidentiality. The Senate Judiciary GOP should be concerned about the serious allegations, not the timing. Do better. Delay the vote. https://t.co/5jrdbFvNUB
Professor Ford showed great courage in coming forward. She should be supported and must not be attacked and smeared. Her voice matters.
Shame on the Senate if they don’t take this seriously, especially before moving forward on a lifetime appointment.
Rather than outright dismissing this very serious allegation, or releasing a premeditated defense of the allegation via a letter from former classmates, Republicans should postpone the rush to vote on Kavanaugh this week and investigate these allegations in a bipartisan manner.
This should disturb every member of the U.S. Senate. https://t.co/r5QVKEGmr8
In the past year, there’s been a transformation. 

The Democratic Party is starting to truly reflect the American people, as record numbers of women and people of color run for office. 

Our next transformation? Congress. 

Winning on Election Day is how we do it.
If women made up 51% of Congress, there’s no doubt that every woman would be earning equal pay to the men in their same position. What are you doing before Nov. 6 to help elect leaders who will make that a reality?
Maple isn’t usually so camera-shy. (Also pictured: my handsome boys!) https://t.co/QoYM9BJaUK
We’re in the final push to this critical midterm election – our chance to hold President Trump accountable at the ballot box. With so much at stake, I need you fighting with me more than ever. Text FIGHT to 97779 now to join my team and get the latest updates from the campaign! https://t.co/G66BvKaEG1
The road to recovery from Hurricane Florence is going to require support from everyone who can give it. Please send anything you’re able to spare to the nonprofits conducting emergency-relief efforts for those affected by this storm: https://t.co/dgSc2F0WPo
I shouldn’t have to say this, but every American should be able to get the medical care they need. It’s time to establish Medicare for All and build a system of health care in this country that values people over the profits of insurance companies.
As we begin National Hispanic Heritage Month, let’s celebrate the history and culture of Hispanic Americans and their countless contributions. Let’s honor these communities by ensuring they always have the support, respect and recognition they deserve.
When this country shows it values women by passing equal pay for equal work, affordable child care policies and paid family and medical leave, we’ll send our economy into overdrive. Women are the untapped potential in our country’s workforce.
We’re strongest when we stand united in the struggle for equality and justice. No matter what we look like or where we come from, an injustice against one of us is an injustice against all of us. We must keep lifting each other up.
America is supposed to be a promise of opportunity to dreamers, refuge for asylum seekers and a proclamation that out of many, we rise as one. Our country thrives because of its diversity. It always has and always will.
We still have 51 days to make an impact before Nov. 6. Have you made a plan to get involved yet? https://t.co/3oageIck5O
History is written by the winners. And we know how we want the 2018 elections to be remembered: as the time when record numbers of women and people of color got off the sidelines to run and organize for a Congress as diverse as the American people.
I had such a great time last night at the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute Gala with @NydiaVelazquez. There is no better champion for New York — and the people of Puerto Rico — than Nydia! https://t.co/dCRfvqb9ZW
A slew of exciting victories in New York! Big congrats to @Biaggi4NY, @zellnor4ny, @jessicaramos, and @RJackson_NYC. I cannot wait to see what you all accomplish in Albany.
Congratulations, @TishJames, on your historic victory in the Democratic primary for New York Attorney General! https://t.co/Kr7dNP91dp
The polls just closed here in New York, and I’m grateful for each and every one of you who made your voice heard at the ballot box today. By voting in November, we can own the future. Thank you for showing the power of our democracy at work.
I’m thinking of all those affected by Hurricane Florence today as it makes landfall. Please, everyone, stay safe.
President Trump’s cruelty toward immigrant children has to stop, and it has to stop now. Bigger “tent cities” to keep them detained is NOT the answer. We need to allow people to seek asylum. And, we need to finally pass comprehensive immigration reform. https://t.co/5tPwDColvQ
New Yorkers: Polls are open right now until 9pm, please remember to get out there and vote! There’s still time to support my friend @KathyHochul.
To take back the Senate this year and hold President Trump accountable, we have to elect @kyrstensinema. But right-wing super PACs are spending millions to defeat her, so will you give $3 to help Kyrsten hit her end-of-quarter deadline and flip AZ blue? https://t.co/jxyQY6PStD
Nearly 3,000 American lives were lost because of the administration's incompetent response to Hurricane Maria.

@realDonaldTrump wanted the trappings of the presidency without the responsibility.

We need a 9/11-style independent commission to investigate the failed response.
We can’t underestimate the potential damage of Hurricane Florence and get caught unprepared. If you live in the path of the storm, evacuate if it’s been ordered. Make sure you have food, water and other supplies you need. Please, take the necessary precautions to stay safe.
It’s primary day, New York! Every opportunity we have to raise our voice at the ballot box is crucial. Don’t miss your chance to get out and VOTE today!
My thoughts are with everyone in the Carolinas and Virginia as Hurricane Florence approaches the Southeast Coast. This could be one of the most catastrophic storms to ever hit this region, so please take the necessary precautions and time to prepare.
To my fellow New Yorkers, don’t forget that we have a primary tomorrow. With so many candidates fighting for change, make sure you get out to the polls to voice your support! Check out this link to make a plan to vote: https://t.co/1UxMNIySGk
Congratulations @DrLeanaWen on your new role as president of @PPFA! Looking forward to fighting with you to expand access to health care for women and families across the country. https://t.co/aXcU1nZOiY
We’re on the verge of a historic election of women. We’re responding to a president who doesn’t value us. We’ve been building up to this since women dedicated a Saturday to march. And those same women are now helping elect other women or running for office. Change is coming.
Nearly three thousand Americans lost their lives. https://t.co/DzNdRHTAoe
#NeverForget means honoring the lives we lost and supporting the first responders who continue to suffer health impacts from their service on 9/11 and the months that followed. Congress must extend the 9/11 Victim Compensation Fund. https://t.co/9fQ1Ew9JZc
Evidence of global climate change is all around us — and this country should take every possible opportunity to lead on combatting it. Instead, the Trump administration wants to make it easier for energy companies to pollute our air with greenhouse gases. It’s sickening. https://t.co/I7W1DbEYK9
Our job is not done. As we near the expiration of the 9/11 Victim Compensation Fund in 2020, we must work together to renew this essential program without delay. We have a moral obligation to continue to stand by every single one of these heroes.
That’s why I put everything I had into working with New York’s first responders to pass the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Reauthorization Act, which ensures they have the support and the care they need and deserve.
17 years later, the death toll continues to rise. The devastating fact is more NYPD officers have lost their lives since 9/11 because of the toxins they inhaled at Ground Zero than died on the day of the attacks. FDNY keeps losing more of our finest.
When the towers fell, the men and women of the NYPD, FDNY, EMS, PAPD, federal and state law enforcement officials, and other first responders didn’t think twice before rushing toward Ground Zero to save the lives of everyone they could.
Today, we remember those we lost from the Sept. 11 attacks. We honor the unparalleled bravery and heroism of the first responders who demonstrated the unbreakable strength of our country.
So much of what’s gone wrong in this country is a result of the corrosive influence of money in politics. We need to get rid of it. Corporate and special-interest money is standing in the way of a more just, more equal future.
A lovely visit to the @JUST Water factory in Glens Falls, NY. It was great to learn about their work &amp; mission. They source straight from the Glens Falls watershed &amp; use paper &amp; plant-based packaging. Amazing to see a business like this thrive in upstate NY. Thanks for having me! https://t.co/CcnPkd4aTz
On World Suicide Prevention Day, I want each of you to know you’re not alone. Today and every day, we must support one another and keep working toward better mental health services in our country. If you or a loved one needs assistance, there is 24/7 support at 1-800-273-8255.
We’re in a period of economic growth, but too many families are being left behind while wealth flows to the richest Americans. We need new ideas – and new leadership that will fight to create equal opportunity for everyone.
This back-to-school season, my thoughts are with the teachers. Those who reach into their own pockets to make their classrooms home. Those who love students like family. Let’s speak up for them the way they speak up for our kids’ futures – let’s demand better pay for teachers.
Access to a safe, legal abortion is a basic right, and it’s time for our leaders to treat it that way. But until they do, we have to give this fight everything we’ve got.
What an inspiring room of women today @the_wing! Glad to join the Black Women’s Congressional Alliance in saluting the women chiefs of staff and kicking off this year’s CBC and CHC weeks. Special thanks to my former staffer @RhonnieF for bringing this group of women together. https://t.co/peW7HDSWUv
We’ve got a long way to go before we right the wrongs of America’s failed war on drugs, which has allowed the legal discrimination of communities of color for too long. But I’m co-sponsoring the Marijuana Justice Act because it’s a great start. Let’s fight for what’s right. https://t.co/nPxtQLyqi7
But her opponent has over $1 million more in his campaign war chest. We need to step up and make sure she has the resources she needs to win and keep her right-wing opponent out of office. Will you send $5 right now to help Michelle turn New Mexico blue? https://t.co/SReTyLKB8X
Michelle’s running against a Tea Party extremist with President Trump’s “full support,” an A rating from the NRA and a 0% rating from Planned Parenthood. We need to make sure Michelle wins this November.
With only two Democratic women governors in the country right now, we have to do everything we can to add @Michelle4NM to the ranks. She’ll be a strong voice in the fight for our rights in a crucial state that we have a real shot at flipping blue. https://t.co/SReTyLKB8X
Kavanaugh is a danger to everything we value:

Women’s reproductive rights.
Quality, affordable health care.
Rights for people of color and LGBTQ Americans.
Environmental protections.

We must give our all in the fight to #StopKavanaugh and protect what we believe in.
With every door you knock, every call you make, every dollar you give to a candidate you believe in, you’re bringing about change. You’re transforming this country. Don’t let up.
Donate to help organizations in Puerto Rico find the relief the Trump administration failed to deliver: https://t.co/IDwpt0nWwb
.@realDonaldTrump claims his administration did a “fantastic job” responding to Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico. This is coming from the man who threw paper towels at our fellow Americans facing tragedy. The result of the administration’s inaction? A death toll of nearly 3,000. https://t.co/UMsIZ2qj7N
Every seat we flip in the midterms is one more check on this administration and one more voice to protect the future of the Supreme Court. Can you give now to make sure the Democratic challengers running to take back the Senate have what they need to win? https://t.co/Pk42h1H3Pm
There’s no debate. The facts are clear: Access to safe and legal abortion saves women’s lives. We must stand up to protect that access – without it, women are forced to resort to dangerous alternatives.
Grateful to have President Obama’s support for Medicare-for-all. Thanks, as always, Obama. https://t.co/5PXfaYBjoF
The fight to #StopKavanaugh isn’t over until the Senate votes. We must all come together right now to find the heart and courage to keep going, keep fighting and not let up.
@ilyseh Proud of everyone who is fighting. #StopKavanuagh
President Trump’s cruelty toward immigrants has no end: His administration’s scare tactics are now keeping families from getting the food and infant formula their children need. We can’t let this administration continue putting children’s lives at risk. 
https://t.co/MydoSD5C94
An early Shana Tova to everyone celebrating the Jewish new year this weekend. We hope you all have a wonderful and sweet celebration with family, friends and loved ones, and best wishes for the year ahead!
Here’s our to-do list for the fall:

☑️Flip the House.
☑️Flip the Senate.
☑️Restore transparency and accountability in government.
We’re fighting like our most basic rights are at stake – the rights to an abortion and to have control over our own bodies. We’re fighting like our lives are on the line. Because they are. Let’s get this job done. Let’s #StopKavanaugh.
Now is not the time to remain silent.

Now is the time to speak truth to power as loudly and as frequently as we can.

We need to organize, to advocate, to vote for our future – for our children’s future – because if we don’t, we’ll lose everything.
That's why I started @getots: to help more women run for office and get the support they need to win. Now, it’s time to be that support. I’d love to know how you’re helping a candidate you believe in! Will you take a minute to reply to tell me how you’re getting involved? https://t.co/f45J0F7Bmh
But we can do it, because each of us has the power to make an impact. There are no small actions on a campaign. Everything makes a difference. No matter what you do or how you help, just get involved in any way you can and never doubt that your voice makes a difference.
We have just two months until Election Day. That means you still have two months to get involved at a time when we can’t waste a single second. Electing progressive voices across the country is going to take hard work from every single one of us.
No. That's not how these things work. https://t.co/ZbEDlGuadu
They separated immigrant families with no plan to reunite them. They inflicted endless trauma, and there are still hundreds of children separated from their families. Now, they’re trying to detain these children even longer.

This is not what America is. We must speak out. https://t.co/cJyYsc7tV7
Thank you, @maziehirono. https://t.co/gqKBNk42yT
.@CoryBooker, I am so proud of you for showing leadership in this moment. The American people deserve transparency and the truth. https://t.co/RxU0oHHdr4
It couldn't be clearer. The records prove it. Kavanaugh is a dangerous nominee and he is dangerous for women. 

We cannot, we must not, stay silent. https://t.co/UCXdCKFMHw
.@TedraCobb is a passionate advocate with a deep calling to public service. She has a history of choosing problem-solving over partisanship, and I know that she will be the type of leader that the North Country deserves in Congress. I am so proud to support her campaign in #NY21.
Kavanaugh dodged questions about women’s basic rights in yesterday’s hearing, and it’s no surprise. President Trump promised to nominate someone who would overturn Roe v. Wade. If we’re going to protect a woman’s right to choose, we have to #StopKavanaugh.
I’m so proud of this bipartisan effort to empower American workers and shrink economic inequality by helping employees grow their wealth: https://t.co/biIJ7iGVRb
The quality of education students receive should never depend on their ZIP code. But here in New York and across the country, school segregation perpetuates inequality and injustice. Every student deserves a chance to succeed.
Here's what I remind myself and my team every day: If we're not here to help people, we should go home.
More and more 9/11 responders are developing cancers every day, and the compensation program we fought so hard to pass twice needs to be re-upped again. We must ensure that we never forget and take care of our brave 9/11 responders. https://t.co/sieMOjR3JY
Last year, Judge Kavanaugh dissented on a case that granted a teenage immigrant access to an abortion. He repeatedly called it an “abortion on demand” – a staple of anti-choice rhetoric. If we’re going to protect a woman’s right to choose, we have to #StopKavanaugh.
Today Kavanaugh refused to answer whether he would protect health care coverage for those with pre-existing conditions – and it speaks volumes. Millions of Americans who depend on this coverage are also depending on us to #StopKavanaugh. We can’t let them down.
Here’s what Judge Kavanaugh told the Senate about his views on if a sitting president can be subpoenaed: nothing. We can’t confirm a nominee who refuses to answer even one question about a president’s legal accountability while ours currently undergoes federal investigation.
With so much being thrown at us, it’s easy to get discouraged. But these are the times when we must lean on each other and find the strength to keep fighting. It’s more important than ever to keep pushing forward. Together, we can, and together, we will #StopKavanaugh.
Today, oral arguments started for a case before a federal court in TX to get rid of the ACA. Meanwhile, Kavanaugh refused to promise to uphold coverage for preexisting conditions. We need to continue fighting for health care to be the right of all, not the privilege of a few.
Sen. Sasse said protesters have been screaming for decades that “women are going to die.” When you criminalize abortion and limit our reproductive health care, women die. It’s not “hysteria”: We’re in a fight for our lives. Sexist attacks won’t stop us.
The president who nominated Judge Kavanaugh is an unindicted co-conspirator in federal crimes. Kavanaugh owes the American people an answer to the question. https://t.co/xEqJJsrK1F
Congratulations to @AyannaPressley on her incredible primary victory yesterday! She’s showing the country that women of color will be seen and heard at a time when their voices couldn’t be more important. I can’t wait to see her make history in November!
We must make our outrage heard. Let your senators know you won’t accept Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court – and that you won’t accept threats to your fundamental rights. Call them to demand that they listen: https://t.co/w0Rxnxz6s9
#WhatsAtStake with Kavanaugh’s nomination:
☑️The future of our health care
☑️Reproductive choice
☑️The rights of immigrants, LGBTQ Americans and marginalized communities

Speak out now. Don't wait. There’s too much on the line.
Families sending kids off for their #FirstDayOfSchool should only face regular worries, like hoping their kids connect with their teachers. They shouldn’t have to fear gun violence. It’s time to renew our fight for reform. We owe it to our kids to never give up or give in.
We, the people, are going to fight for this country. We, the people, are going to defend our right to love who we love, our right to make our own reproductive decisions and our vision to be a country where everyone can live up to their full potential.
The Trump administration has withheld thousands of pages of Kavanaugh’s records. This confirmation process looks more like a cover-up every day. What is this administration trying to hide from the American people? We deserve answers.
Fred Guttenberg and his family have suffered unthinkable pain. Judge Kavanaugh owed him better than turning his back on him. Why are Kavanaugh and the Republicans who are trying to ram his confirmation through the Senate so afraid of the American people? https://t.co/DSKUZIfziK
Republicans have thrown transparency out the window to jam Kavanaugh's confirmation through the Senate. 

But here's a fact they can't hide: confirming Kavanaugh means criminalizing abortion and putting countless lives on the line.

That’s not “hysteria." That’s what’s at stake.
Henry’s first day back to school in 5th grade. Lots of excitement! Theo starts high school next week. https://t.co/VHkUzORXc1
This process has had practically no transparency from the start. What are Republicans and the Trump administration trying to hide? Proud of my Democratic colleagues on the Judiciary Committee for showing leadership.
We need to keep speaking out about the Supreme Court vacancy, because Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination threatens everything we believe in. Call your senators to stop his appointment: (202) 684-2473.
I do believe it’s going to take every single person here, and every single person you know, fighting as hard as possible to make sure the vote to confirm Kavanaugh fails.
If Kavanaugh is appointed, the future of our health care would be in his hands. This is the moment where you have to look yourself in the mirror and ask, ‘What will I do to make sure this man is not the next justice on the Supreme Court?’
Women are dying at a higher rate from pregnancy- and childbirth-related complications in the U.S. than in any other country in the developed world. The MOMS Act would provide the funding hospitals need to save women’s lives. Congress must pass it. #MoreForMOMS
I had so much fun at the @WIADCA Carnival Parade this Labor Day celebrating all that Caribbean culture brings to this country. I’ve always loved events like this – events that celebrate America’s diversity. Because diversity has always been our strength as a nation. https://t.co/boJOHOvIic
Let’s honor working families this #LaborDay by committing to fight for the FAMILY Act to create a real system of paid leave, so workers can take time off after having a baby or to care for a loved one. Let's make sure American workers are supported, not exploited.
Americans who work hard deserve to prosper, not be exploited. Join me in standing up to defend working Americans and fighting to make our unions strong. Organizing is a crucial part of America’s successes, and we need unions to ensure all workers can thrive. #LaborDay
Americans with full-time jobs still struggle to make ends meet. Let’s renew our resolve to pass a $15 minimum wage – because Americans deserve a wage they can live on. It’s this simple: Anyone who works full-time should be able to provide for their families. #LaborDay
On #LaborDay, we take time to celebrate American workers. But we also need to acknowledge that our economy doesn’t do enough to reward work. We must keep fighting for the policies Americans deserve: strong unions to protect workers, equal pay for equal work and paid leave.
When they tell the story of 2018, it’s going to be this: Women rising up, getting off the sidelines and leading us back to the path of progress. We’ve just got to finish writing it.
The Main Street Employee Ownership Act will help workers grow their wealth by empowering our workforce to have ownership of the companies they work for. It’s good for American workers. It’s good for business owners. It’s good for our economy.
President Trump thinks he’s above the law. It’s no coincidence his Supreme Court nominee believes sitting presidents shouldn’t be indicted. If we want accountability for a president implicated in federal crimes, we must demand the Senate block Kavanaugh’s appointment.
Congress must pass debt relief for Puerto Rico to ease the financial burden of hurricane recovery. We already failed them once when 2,975 Americans lost their lives. This is the first step toward righting the wrongs of President Trump and helping Puerto Rico finally recover.
The rate at which women in America die from pregnancy- and childbirth-related complications is unacceptable. Congress must pass the MOMS Act to give women the maternal care they need and the future they deserve. #MoreForMOMS
We need more fierce advocates like @JessicaRamos leading in New York State. As a public school mom and the daughter of immigrants, she would lend a valuable voice and perspective to our State Senate. I am thrilled to endorse her campaign for #SD13 today. https://t.co/gDyRNMStuS
I am so excited to endorse Alessandra today, and I hope New Yorkers in the Bronx and Westchester will support her campaign and cast their votes for her in the Democratic primary on September 13: https://t.co/88pO1vtT94
And she’ll use her voice to fight important battles—from improving access to health care and the quality of our public schools, to environmental protection and affordable housing, to the urgent need to guarantee a woman’s right to choose.
Alessandra is smart, energetic, and reform-minded. She believes that New York can be a place where everyone can thrive. She’ll put the needs of New Yorkers first, and I know she'll always stand with Democrats in the State Senate to advance the causes we care so deeply about.
Alessandra Biaggi (@Biaggi4NY) is not afraid to speak truth to power. She’s using her passion and drive to run an impressive campaign for New York State Senate—and it's clear that she's the fresh leadership that #SD34 desperately needs. https://t.co/oCqnT2vZyv
The future of our health care would be in Kavanaugh’s hands if he’s confirmed. That means he could rule to deny lifesaving coverage to you or a loved one because of a preexisting condition. We need to give this fight everything we’ve got to keep that from happening.
We need more women calling the shots at every level of government to fight for a more progressive and equal future. It’s time to change who’s at the decision-making table. It’s time for you to pull up a chair. https://t.co/ffv0TkfbZi
As my boys get ready for a new school year, I can’t stop thinking about how active-shooter drills are now part of back-to-school rituals, not unlike buying school supplies or going to teacher conferences. It’s a shocking reality that we simply cannot accept or stay silent on.
Underfunded maternal care is costing women their lives at unacceptable levels. Black mothers are dying at 3 to 4 times the rate of white mothers. Tell Congress to pass the MOMS Act to stop this crisis. It’s what a country that cares about women would do. #MoreForMOMS
Caring for one another is a principle this country was founded on. It’s why we have publicly funded roads and schools. It’s why we provide Social Security for seniors, health care for the vulnerable and food for the hungry. This is what America should strive to be.
We should call this country’s war on drugs what it really is: a war on communities of color. It’s time to end this discrimination. We need to pass the Marijuana Justice Act.
A few weeks ago, the president said I don’t get anything done in the Senate. The same day, he signed into law my provision to empower American workers and shrink the economic divide by helping employees grow their wealth: https://t.co/9xcCXcCW1S
2,975 people died in the wake of Hurricane Maria. We failed them, and so did the Trump administration’s inaction. There must be a federal investigation into what happened and why our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico were left without the support they needed.
This is a defining moment in our country’s history. Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination puts our rights at risk like never before. There’s too much at stake to remain silent. Stay strong in the fight to defend what we believe in and keep speaking out.
We lose hundreds of women to pregnancy- and childbirth-related complications in the U.S. every year. Our maternal mortality rate is the worst among developed nations. I introduced the MOMS Act because we need to do better. We need to do #MoreForMOMS.
We’re feeling the effects of climate change right here, right now. If we don’t take meaningful action, we won’t be giving our children and grandchildren the planet they deserve. All of us share in the responsibility of preserving the environment for future generations.
Remember this: November is going to decide what our country looks like. It’s a referendum on a president who actively refuses to represent women, people of color and people of all faiths. Making our voices heard in this election is about making this a country for all of us.
We have a lot of work to do to make sure every American can get access to the high-quality, affordable health care they deserve. It’s time to start putting the needs of people and families above insurance companies’ profits. It’s time for Medicare for All.
We can’t turn a blind eye to the maternal mortality crisis in our country. I introduced the MOMS Act because we can solve this crisis. We can ensure that hospitals have the funding to implement the best standard of care for mothers in our country. We can do #MoreForMOMS. https://t.co/TzafKu12oR
Call your elected officials now to demand they reunite these children with their families. Call every day as many times as you can. Don’t let them push away the thoughts of how scared these children are. These parents don’t have relief, and Congress shouldn’t until they do.
528 migrant children are still separated from their parents, wondering if and when they’ll see their families again. We’ve got to keep fighting for them for as long as they need us, for as long as it takes to get them back into the arms of those who love them.
If women held 51% of elected offices, we’d transform this country. Let’s take a step in that direction this November. Support Democratic women who are running by donating, volunteering, making calls and lifting up their voices. We’ll build a powerful check on President Trump.
I talked with @FaceTheNation about how excited the @getots team has been to fight alongside the record number of women running for office this year. We know that when these women win, they won’t just change the face of Congress – they’ll change the conversations being had there. https://t.co/KV36Dn2geg
When has @BetsyDeVosED ever stood with anyone but the powerful? She sides with for-profit colleges over students, lenders over borrowers and predators over survivors. At every turn, she betrays her responsibility to the students she’s meant to serve. It’s sickening. https://t.co/anSqnCYUBP
My bill, the Main Street Employee Ownership Act, was signed into law, and it's great news for businesses, workers, and our local economies. By investing in employee ownership and letting workers share in the success of companies, our country can truly start to reward work again. https://t.co/GvglzMfGCy
Congrats to @kyrstensinema, @SMurphyCongress and @hiral4congress on their primary victories and on joining the ranks of women who are winning in record numbers across the country this year. That’s three more women we can fight beside all the way through to November!
Just one conviction of marijuana possession can tear families apart and take away a lifetime of opportunities related to jobs, education and housing. It’s time to pass the Marijuana Justice Act and end the harm caused by the misguided war on drugs.
Puerto Rico just raised its official Hurricane Maria death toll to 2,975 people – 46 times more than last estimated. 

These were our fellow citizens and this administration failed them. Congress must do its job to send long-overdue resources. We can’t let this slip into silence.
There’s no one braver and stronger than my friend @GabbyGiffords. I’m grateful for her voice and her fight to defend Americans against the threat of gun violence she knows too well. Watch her powerful ad in the district @JenniferWexton is running to win. https://t.co/h9fpEdSwPC
On this day in 1963, Martin Luther King Jr. delivered his iconic “I Have a Dream” speech, fueling the civil rights movement in America. His courage and dedication inspire us to keep carrying this movement for equality and justice forward no matter how difficult the road becomes.
We can do #MoreForMOMS. We can value and protect the lives of women in this nation. And I hope you’ll stand with me today to make sure your voice is heard on this. Add your name to demand better care for moms: https://t.co/wILMC0u9bU
Funding would be prioritized for hospitals serving low-income communities and rural populations, and would help the medical community better identify and respond to signs of pregnancy complications.
We have to do better. That’s why I introduced the Modernizing Obstetric Medicine Standards Act – the MOMS Act – along with @CoryBooker and @KamalaHarris. This bill would provide states and hospitals with funding to implement best practices in maternal care.
A country that values women would provide the best care BEFORE, DURING, and AFTER PREGNANCY. It would reject discrimination and bias in medical care. We must end this crisis by ensuring moms who put their lives and their babies’ lives in our care get the treatment they need.
High standards of maternal care are lacking broadly – and are particularly missing in hospitals serving women of color. Black women in New York City are 12 times more likely than white women to lose their lives as a result of pregnancy and childbirth. We can’t accept this.
Mothers are dying every day – and for each one who dies, another 70 nearly do. 60% of pregnancy-related deaths are from preventable complications like hemorrhage, preeclampsia and sepsis. We're failing women and babies.
While other developed nations’ maternal mortality rates drastically decline, ours is on the rise. In fact, we are 1 of just 8 countries in the entire world with increasing rates of maternal mortality. Our nation is in crisis.
More women die from complications giving birth in the U.S. than in any other developed country. Black mothers are 3 to 4 times more likely to die than white mothers – a rate not tied to income level or education, but race alone. That’s why I’m introducing the MOMS Act. Thread:
We're 1 of only 8 countries in the world with a rising maternal mortality rate. Why? Because this country doesn't value women enough. I introduced the MOMS Act today to save mothers’ lives. Add your name to help pass it: https://t.co/wILMC0u9bU #MoreForMOMS
Families in Jacksonville will now join countless others in America grappling with the unimaginable heartbreak that follows a mass shooting. Enough is enough. We must raise our voices against any lawmaker who won’t stand up to the NRA. Then, we must vote them out in November.
To take back the House and Senate and to hold the Trump administration accountable, we all have to vote. If you live in AZ, FL or OK, you have the chance to do that tomorrow. Make sure you get out and cast your ballot for those who will fight for progress.
.@RosenforNevada has the best shot at flipping a red seat blue in a state President Trump lost. But McConnell-linked super PACs are spending millions to defeat her, and polls have her trailing by just one point. Can you give $5 to help Jacky win in NV? https://t.co/rLN9NYuwSJ
If ours is a country that truly values women, we need to prove it. We need to ensure access to the quality health care mothers deserve. We need reproductive justice for women of color. We need to do #MoreForMOMS. That’s why I’m announcing a solution tomorrow. Stay tuned.
While this crisis affects all women, black mothers are three to four times more likely to die from pregnancy complications than white mothers. This is unconscionable. There’s no place for discrimination anywhere, including in health care. https://t.co/9SFhpG4qfk
And half of these deaths and injuries could be prevented. It would only take simple changes in the care provided by doctors and hospitals, but they aren’t doing it. https://t.co/fotqT3j7iC
There’s just no excuse for what’s happening. In addition to the hundreds of women who die each year from childbirth, more than 50,000 needlessly suffer devastating, sometimes life-altering complications. https://t.co/NuiBZWMg91
The U.S. should be home to the best medical treatment in the world, yet we’ve become the most dangerous developed country for women giving birth. Moms are dying – about 700 every year – because they’re not getting proper maternal health care.
We need to finally end the injustice against unbanked communities in our country. We need to pass the Postal Banking Act to give everyone access to the financial tools they deserve. We need to take this step to combat inequality.
Mothers in America are dying from lack of proper pregnancy-related medical care – and rates are three to four times higher for black women. There’s just no excuse. A country that values women would ensure they have the health care they need and deserve.
Thank you to everyone who showed up to our town hall in Troy today. We had a great conversation about education, health care, gun reform, relief for Puerto Rico, clean water and more. You shared your questions, your stories and your voices. This is what democracy looks like. https://t.co/wgHwqsMDm4
I started off my town hall tonight with thoughts on my friend John McCain and the victims and loved ones of the violence today in Jacksonville. We’re called to act, and we have to. https://t.co/s1L7PnF5rz
We’re still learning details of the senseless tragedy in Jacksonville this afternoon. My heart breaks for the victims and their loved ones. It breaks for our country. We need to pass common sense gun reform. We need to act now to save lives.
There’s no doubt that Brett Kavanaugh will overturn Roe v. Wade, attack our most fundamental rights and uphold President Trump’s most dangerous policies. Join @NARAL’s national day of action today to raise your voice with people across the country to #StopKavanaugh https://t.co/QQQH1iLXV1
This #WomensEqualityDay, we continue fighting to defend a woman’s right to choose, secure equal pay and make sure, when decisions are being made, women are at the table. Progress has never come easy, but as long as we stick together, we will win.
From fighting for the right to vote to organizing the largest march in American history, women have proven time and again how much we can accomplish when we’re working together. Let’s stop imagining what women could get done if we made up 51% of Congress – and make it happen!
We will never forget the unparalleled courage, heart and service of John McCain. My thoughts are with his family as they mourn this great loss, but also as they celebrate his incredible life. It was a privilege to serve beside John in the Senate, and he will be so greatly missed.
I want to let you in on one of the best-kept secrets in Troy … #EnjoyTroy https://t.co/agDb6NSo1G
With the political and personal willpower, we can build an economy that creates opportunities for every American to succeed and thrive. We just have to come together to fight for it.
When I travel across New York, I hear over and over that people are struggling to pay for quality medical care. That’s just not right. Health care shouldn’t be the privilege of a few, but a right for all. We need to work toward a system that’s just. We need Medicare for All.
I won’t let Kavanaugh overturn Roe v. Wade and undermine every step we’ve taken toward equality in this country. I’ve been fighting his confirmation from day one, and I’m not going to let up. But neither can you. I need you to stay strong, stay determined and keep fighting.
Marijuana laws in this country are discriminatory and unjust – and communities of color are paying the price. Congress needs to pass the Marijuana Justice Act to finally address the decades of harm caused by our failed drug policies.
If your strategy to keep a GOP majority in the House is based on misogyny, denying health care to millions and race-baiting, you don’t deserve to govern in the first place. America can do better. Let’s take back the House and show them how it's done! https://t.co/UL9TtON3Uk
We need to tackle injustice for unbanked communities in America. A postal banking system would ensure that every person across the country can get access to the critical banking and financial resources they need. It’s affordable, it’s fair, and it just makes sense. https://t.co/GlRFna2F31
We’ve proven time and again that when we raise our voices together, we’ll be heard. With our fundamental rights on the line, it’s never mattered more that we come together to defend them. Let’s stand shoulder to shoulder and keep each other strong in these critical fights ahead.
.@staceyabrams is on the verge of making history. 

Winning will show that when we stand for progress and fight with conviction, there’s no stopping us.

It will change the playbook for who runs and how we win.

Let's send money her way to make it happen: https://t.co/k47XbOZW7t
We are praying for you every day, John. We love you. Thank you for your courage, and for your extraordinary service and leadership. https://t.co/zMsMg5gYJM
We must fight for women’s rights like our lives are on the line, because they are. Join @NARAL’s national day of action on Aug. 26 to demand the Senate oppose Kavanaugh’s appointment. With rallies in all 50 states, this is our chance to come together and be heard.
I’m excited to go home to Troy, NY, this weekend, and I’m even more excited to host a town hall while I’m there! I hope you can join me on Sunday, Aug. 26 to talk about what’s on your mind and ask any questions you might have. You can RSVP here: https://t.co/pKNP4PHXOj
Guns do not belong in schools. 

Secretary DeVos should be investing in our students and our teachers, not funding guns in schools. https://t.co/VYLsP45A6F
One thing is clear: If we want an America that values women, then we must demand it and we must fight for it. Let's all rise up and speak out to #StopKavanaugh. https://t.co/pkKtWU1JyM
We can’t let Brett Kavanaugh threaten everything we value on the Supreme Court. On Aug. 26, find the @NARAL Stand For Justice rally in your state, and join this critical fight for our rights. https://t.co/lNUwZtmr83
We are not powerless in this fight for our values and our democracy. If we raise our voices in November for challengers like @kyrstensinema, @RosenforNevada and @BetoORourke, we will bring accountability. We will bring justice. We will bring change. https://t.co/Ygb3eNEuaf
The Senate absolutely should not proceed on Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation hearings when we have a president who was implicated in crimes in federal court and a Supreme Court nominee who believes a president is above the law.
On the steps of the Supreme Court, I was thrilled to join an incredible advocate and champion of equal pay, @Lilly_Ledbetter, in speaking out to #StopKavanaugh. https://t.co/CHqWjCboAD
When our institutions are threatened and our democracy is undermined, there’s one sure-fire answer. Vote. Register, make a plan, show up at the ballot box and make yourself counted.
Democracy is stronger than any one person. Because our democracy is all of us. It’s ours. We need to own it.
Here in the U.S., mothers are dying and suffering life-altering consequences from giving birth because they don’t get quality medical treatment. We can’t accept this. We have to work to ensure access to quality, affordable health care for women in our country.
We all have to step up. It’s going to take more than just a couple of Democrats and a couple of Republicans. This has to be a 50-state strategy. This is about making sure every senator feels our outrage, our fear, our hope. This is about demanding to finally be heard.
This fight is going to take grassroots activism – a lot of it. It’s going to take the kind of activism we saw from the women who marched in the largest protest in U.S. history. But that was only the start. We must keep fighting like our lives depend on it, because they do.
What are we willing to fight for if not for autonomy over our bodies? If not for women to have equality in this country? The ability to make decisions about our own lives, our own bodies, our own futures is our most basic human right. This fight is now or never.
We need more women governors in this country, and we need @GwenGraham in office, period. Not only will she be a champion for progress, she would be FL’s first woman governor. Will you give now to help her win her primary next week? https://t.co/FEEwnor5kE
Today is a good day for this reminder: No one’s above the law. Not President Trump’s inner circle. Not President Trump himself.
The Trump administration just dealt yet another huge blow to environmental protections in our country, making your voice in our fight for clean air and water that much more important: https://t.co/6EZmPc2CPW
This Sunday, join me in Troy, New York, for my next town hall! I would love the chance to meet you and discuss the issues you care most about. If you can stop by, please make sure to RSVP: https://t.co/pKNP4PHXOj
Eid Mubarak to everyone celebrating Eid al-Adha! Wishing you all a wonderful celebration with loved ones and friends.
We are bearing witness to a powerful movement: a wave of record-breaking, glass-ceiling-shattering women candidates who are running and winning like never before. We are witnessing history. https://t.co/iw44neMjW7
Another glaring reminder that taxpayers should never foot the bill for the payout of a politician's sexual harassment scandal. Members of Congress need to play by the same rules as anyone else. There are no more excuses. We must pass common sense reform. https://t.co/Hg1SfOgYmW
This weekend, I had the great pleasure of seeing Cooperstown, New York’s new mayor, Ellen Tillapaugh Kuch. She’s the second woman ever to have that role! Strong women are running, winning, and leading in communities all across New York — and it's so encouraging to see! https://t.co/tjFAtcdUXX
Changing this country means changing who leads it. Decisions are being made in school boards, city councils, state legislatures and Congress that would be made better with your voice. You belong #OffTheSidelines. You belong at the table.
Investing in sustainable technologies wouldn’t just protect our environment – it would build a strong economic future for the U.S too. We’ve always been a country that finds innovative solutions to our biggest problems, so let’s keep working together to meet the challenges ahead.
I’m fighting for Medicare for All to put families first – because when lives are on the line, we shouldn’t be making decisions based on insurers’ bottom lines. We should be making decisions based on the needs of the people we serve and the lives depending on care.
With so many tough fights ahead of us, we need Claire’s voice in the Senate. She’s counting on our urgent support to get what she needs to protect this seat. Will you give just $5 to help Claire win in Missouri and take back the Senate? https://t.co/jNxJ6KSmil
Claire is facing one of the toughest races this cycle. President Trump is personally campaigning in Missouri for her anti-women opponent, and their right-wing mega-donors have already spent over $10 million to defeat her. She needs our help to defend herself from these attacks.
If @clairecmc loses in Missouri, we’ll have no hope of taking back the Senate this year. We can’t afford to let that happen. From the Supreme Court to our most fundamental rights, there’s too much at stake. https://t.co/jNxJ6KSmil
My bipartisan bill, the Main Street Employee Ownership Act, which supports small businesses that transition to employee ownership, was signed into law part of the NDAA. Let's keep up the fight to help our businesses reward work without sacrificing profit. https://t.co/NdhFyxKJVX https://t.co/MKBsgtlwX1
I’m hosting a town hall in my hometown, Troy, New York, next Sunday, Aug. 26, and I’m hoping to see many of you there! My team and I are excited to meet you and your families, catch up and discuss the issues you care about most. Please RSVP here: https://t.co/pKNP4PHXOj
I'm proud to receive the endorsement of @EqualityNewYork, an organization doing incredible work to advance equality and justice for LGBTQI New Yorkers. I'm honored to fight alongside you and am inspired by your strength, love and courage. https://t.co/LQefbeOK2g
Suffragists spent decades fighting for women’s right to vote. If they could do that, we can keep raising our voices and working toward a more equal future. When we stay together, we can overcome anything.
The 19th Amendment reminds us of a monumental first step toward equality for women, but also of how far we have to go in our fights for paid leave, reproductive rights and equal pay. As we look toward the upcoming primaries and Election Day, let’s come together and get to work. https://t.co/dw7jWx2Nqu
Every type of discrimination doubly impacts women of color. To achieve equality, we have to share the burden of fighting for it, and not ask women of color to fight these fights alone over and over again. Thanks for the great conversation, @MsPackyetti. https://t.co/5RoNuhwZJl
Alex couldn’t pay the exorbitant price of his insulin. He rationed his medication and died because of it. That’s why I’m sponsoring the Stop Price Gouging Act – pharmaceutical companies must be stopped from increasing drug prices to profit off Americans. https://t.co/qXYUdKR8MS
.@realDonaldTrump doesn't have a relationship with the facts, so when @FaceTheNation asked about his attacks on my record, I helped set him straight. https://t.co/xToHSTVRtk
We all must do our part in the fight to take back the Senate and keep people like Gary Johnson out of office. There’s too much on the line to count on others to step up. Will you give $5 to help Martin protect his seat and win back a Democratic majority? https://t.co/9vT5TsJcAp
Martin has been a champion in our fights for better health care, better education opportunities and better jobs. We can’t afford to lose his voice right now and let Gary Johnson take New Mexico backward at the expense of working families, so we need to rush Martin our support.
If we’re going to take back the Senate, we have to make sure @TeamHeinrich wins in New Mexico. But Gary Johnson just jumped into the race to defeat him, which means Martin is up against a flood of corporate PAC money and needs our help to fight back. https://t.co/9vT5TsJcAp
Now it’s your turn to step up, Austin! I hope all of you will join these incredible activists to raise your voice tonight. https://t.co/gxuXDKmKYR
I talked with @SymoneDSanders, @laurenduca, @jess_mc, @MsPackyetti and @K_JeanPierre about the importance of defending Roe v. Wade. Seeing so many of you at #RiseUpforRoe was inspiring. When we speak out, we’re a powerful force for justice. Let’s get to work. https://t.co/Xt8Z8EKWZa
The founders believed a free press was vital to helping root out corruption and promote liberty and justice. @realDonaldTrump’s relentless attacks on the press speak volumes about the beliefs and values of his administration. https://t.co/CMPOx14gcy
Aretha Franklin was a towering icon for women’s rights and civil rights who will live on in our souls forever. Rest in peace. https://t.co/lR3syyTmbV
One of the great privileges of this work is fighting alongside the women who are changing our country. I got to campaign for @JenniferWexton today with my friend @pwcdanica, and it was an honor to see them in action! https://t.co/hAfRepH6WN
Really enjoyed our conversation today, and feel so invigorated about the change women will make across this country in November. 

Tune in to my interview with @JenniferWexton on Sunday to learn more about how we all can @getots! https://t.co/CTtbqNZRUV
Any attempt to go backwards on abortion rights is unacceptable. We can’t stop fighting for a woman’s right to choose, and we can’t give an inch. Keep calling your senators to block Brett Kavanaugh’s appointment. Keep raising your voice and don’t let up. https://t.co/tRzIF0ImtV
I’m honored to have the opportunity to fight alongside so many incredible women tonight at #RiseUpForRoe’s D.C. stop. Make your voice heard by joining us at 7 p.m. at Dock 5 Union Market to #StopKavanaugh and protect our basic rights! We can win as long as we fight together.
We have to show we value women in this country. It’s time to pass equal pay for equal work, affordable child care and paid family and medical leave. When women can live up to their potential, America can achieve hers.
We can’t allow the predatory payday loan industry to continue trapping vulnerable Americans in debt because they have nowhere else to turn. The Postal Banking Act would give them another option: access to basic banking and financial resources right at their local post office. https://t.co/MejoQr9ddC
I can’t wait to join you all tomorrow to speak out for reproductive rights! Events like this are how we’ll win the fights ahead, because there’s nothing we can’t accomplish as long as we’re standing together. I really hope to see you all there! https://t.co/5B8rDHLe15
Taxpayer-funded private detention centers are withholding basic necessities from immigrant detainees unless they "volunteer" to work. It is illegal and inhumane, the latest example of abuse of immigrant families by the Trump administration. I'm calling for more accountability: https://t.co/UFou5AtWWm
On this day in 1935, the Social Security Act set up a framework to care for the most vulnerable among us. But our fight continues to make sure every American’s basic needs are met. Today, let’s stay true to our values by working to protect and strengthen Social Security.
We have the opportunity to nominate more incredible women candidates in today’s primaries. If you live in CT, VT, WI or MN, make sure to vote today. Change begins when you raise your voice and vote your beliefs.
The President refuses to acknowledge the work I’ve gotten done. Sound familiar, ladies? https://t.co/HN7zVmARF2
This is a defining moment in our country’s history. Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination puts our rights at risk like never before. There’s too much at stake to remain silent. Stay strong in the fight to defend what we believe in and keep speaking out. https://t.co/zvmDkDKUVg
Too often, our service members and their families, who sacrifice a great deal to protect us, are targeted by predatory payday lending schemes. 

Now, the Trump administration wants to weaken critical oversight that protects them from financial fraud. 

https://t.co/akhFRLakzl
One year after Charlottesville, as white supremacists gather in D.C, we still have a President who launches racist attacks on people of color and uses race to divide. It’s wrong and dangerous. There is only one side: equality. It’s on us to stand up, be counted and denounce hate.
Climate change isn’t just a problem for the future. We’re seeing its impacts right now. This shouldn’t be a partisan issue. We all live on one planet, so we have to come together to face this challenge for the sake of our children and grandchildren. https://t.co/8dSHCdtx5R
Was so grateful for the opportunity to join the residents of the @NYCHA Bailey Houses in the Bronx on their Community Day with @NYSenatorRivera! In particular, I loved hearing from a passionate group of young women who care so deeply about making change in their community. https://t.co/VNOAyzVJnf
Time and time again, our grassroots resistance has shown that we will not back down from fighting for what’s right. Progress comes from relentless pursuit of it. It’s there as long as we keep fighting for it.
I’m asking you to be the hope these families came for. Keep speaking out. Keep donating to organizations offering them legal aid and counseling. Keep calling Congress to demand accountability. We have to stay by their side, today and for as long as they need us.
Reports of abuse linger around some facilities. We’ve heard stories of children being sexually assaulted or forced to take psychotropic drugs. Stories of children being returned to their families sick, beaten or emotionally distressed. This is happening here, on American soil.
A public health official warned the Trump administration of the harm its family separation policy would cause to these children. It was told of the trauma it would inflict and the lasting psychological damage it would do. The administration went ahead with the policy anyway.
The nightmare of the Trump administration’s inhumane border policy is still unfolding. Hundreds of children are still being held in detention facilities, wondering: “What about me?” As many as 500 of these children’s parents have already been deported.
Gustavo, thanks again for inviting me. I loved meeting the residents of the Bailey Houses. https://t.co/spb6pC8j8K
Kelda is our best shot at defeating Scott Walker in November. That’s why with her primary just four days away, we need to rush Kelda our urgent support to make sure she wins. Please donate $5 now to help Kelda flip Wisconsin blue! https://t.co/gBwRhrRqRy
With Roe v. Wade at risk, strong Democratic governors will be the first line of defense for the rights of women in their states. Kelda won’t let Wisconsin women’s reproductive rights get taken away, but Scott Walker will only keep pushing President Trump’s dangerous agenda.
Let me tell you a little bit about @keldahelenroys. She’s exactly the kind of fierce defender of women’s rights we need right now, and she’s running to unseat extreme conservative Gov. Scott Walker. But first, she has to win a tough primary on Tuesday. https://t.co/gBwRhrRqRy
I wanted to share a quick update from the road. I’m so energized by hearing directly from so many of you at my town halls – please keep speaking out! It changes the conversation, and it makes a difference. https://t.co/znq43ewb7O
I’m so inspired by the @getots candidates who are leading the historic wave of women running for office and winning nominations. The urgency of this moment is not lost on these women or this grassroots movement that is supporting them. https://t.co/NAX4QDxIht
I’ve loved holding town halls across New York the last few weeks. I’m always struck by how beautiful our state is with each stop. So I want to share some of my favorite views with my rapid response team! Text NYS to 97779 to get a special New York phone background! https://t.co/8CTx5tkLxY
Checklist of priorities before Space Force?
✅Reunite families separated at the border.
✅Clean drinking water in Flint and America.
✅Equal pay for equal work.
✅Reduce the cost of RX drugs and healthcare.
https://t.co/OibRqgjywE
Our response to Hurricane Maria was completely inadequate. We haven’t done enough to provide relief or push for accountability. We must honor the 1,427 who died and ease the burden on those still suffering by helping them rebuild. We must pass the U.S. Territorial Relief Act. https://t.co/WaspFRIqc2
Congrats to team @RunforSomething for 500+ candidates endorsed! Their work is such a powerful example of what we can accomplish with grassroots activism. https://t.co/dViyATqFeZ
Nine million households in the U.S. don’t have access to basic banking services like a checking or savings account. Postal banking could easily change that by providing these tools at local post offices. It’s a solution that just makes sense: https://t.co/uau60zKF82
A new report shows that voters in 49 states and 408 congressional districts support a national paid family leave program. So let’s keep up the conversation and finally get this done. Let’s pass the #FAMILYAct. https://t.co/6Y1cU9ZVq6
People sometimes ask me: “Why focus on women’s issues?” I say: Because women make up 51% of the population – and empowering them to reach their full economic potential is good for women, our families and our economy.
No working American should be forced to choose between a paycheck and their caring for their family. This new report shows that voters in 49 states and 408 congressional districts agree. So let's not give up. Let's keep speaking out. Let's finally pass the #FAMILYAct. https://t.co/smV69pOAXs
Justice Sotomayor has shattered glass ceilings her whole career. As the first Hispanic Supreme Court Justice, she upheld access to affordable health care and won LGBTQ marriage equality. Sotomayor is a trailblazer who’s shown generations to come how to boldly pursue their dreams. https://t.co/gafI9qZDt5
Congratulations to @gretchenwhitmer for winning the Democratic nomination for MI governor! About two million people raised their voices at the polls yesterday, shattering the last primary turnout record. This is how we’ll change the game in November.
Change starts with your vote. If you live in KS, WA, MI, MO or OH, make sure to vote today for candidates who will fight for the issues we care about most. If we all come together and raise our voices for progress at the ballot box, we’ll change the face of Congress.
I started @getots to get progressive women into the conversations happening in Washington. Let’s keep that momentum going for the women facing primaries today to make sure they take their races across the finish line in November. Get out to the polls and vote! https://t.co/hJ5Aj0hn3Y
We win this fight by making sure everyone has a seat at the table. That means hiring more women of color to leadership positions. It means electing more women of color to high office. These are critical voices in our fight for equality, and we won’t get there without them. https://t.co/o5YssUC9rk
In New York City, wage inequality for women of color is even worse. Black women make just $0.57 for every dollar paid to a white man. We can’t achieve true equality until every woman, no matter her race, gets equal pay for equal work. https://t.co/5uuuoCAkIT
Today, on #BlackWomensEqualPay Day, we recognize that as we fight for women’s rights, women of color face ever greater injustices, including an even larger wage gap. While women make $0.80 for every dollar a white, non-Hispanic man makes, black women make just $0.63.
It’s unacceptable that anyone in one of the world’s richest countries would be left without basic health care. Everyone should have access to the care they need, period. I’m fighting for Medicare for All to invest directly in people and families, not insurance companies’ profits.
You all have spoken out against every one of President Trump’s dangerous policies. We need to keep doing exactly that. Keep resisting. Keep raising your voice. But most importantly, keep voting. We must hold this administration accountable at the ballot box this year.
Our underserved communities deserve access to the basic financial tools that could empower them to build wealth. By creating a bank within the United States Postal Service, we could give every American an accessible, low-cost banking option that could wipe out predatory lending. https://t.co/QD06usiQee
On this day in 1965, the Voting Rights Act became law. We've come a long way, but we still have much further to go. Gerrymandering and voter ID laws targeting communities of color still disenfranchise many Americans. We must keep fighting to protect everyone’s right to vote.
This is crunch time for Gretchen as she heads into Tuesday’s primary, and she’s counting on us to make sure she has what she needs to win. Every dollar makes a difference right now. Can you give just $5 now to make sure Gretchen wins this tough primary? https://t.co/m3gwXaWFvQ
I know we can count on Gretchen to fight for Michigan’s women and families as governor because she’s been doing it her entire career. She’s helped expand Medicaid, raise the state’s minimum wage and rally thousands of people to stand against President Trump’s attacks on women.
It’s simple: As a mom and a former legislator and prosecutor, @gretchenwhitmer is the leader Michigan needs. She’s about to face a tough primary this Tuesday, so let’s make sure she wins and takes this campaign through November.
If we all keep fighting together for progress and equality, if we keep speaking truth to power and getting #OffTheSidelines, we can achieve anything. 

I spoke with @ozy about why I first ran for office and my advice for building the life you want: https://t.co/bir7dIAaqK
If anyone can inspire us to take heart and keep fighting for women’s rights, it’s RBG. There’s so much to learn from the tenacity and courage she’s shown her entire career. As we look to 2018, 2020 and beyond, let’s follow her example and never give up our fight for equality. https://t.co/WyysFTuGEN
The opportunity to speak out alongside you for what matters is why I first ran for office. Check out Breaking Big on @PBS, Facebook Watch or on @ozy tonight at 8:30 p.m. ET for my interview with @carloswatson about the beginning of my fight for women, families and our values. https://t.co/nlaU2ptSbh
Gretchen is counting on our support right now as she enters the critical push to the primary. Can you give $5 right now to help Gretchen win in Michigan? https://t.co/8koU3OroA2
I know @gretchenwhitmer won’t ever stop fighting for women and working families, and that’s why we need her as the next governor of Michigan. If you live in Michigan, get out to vote in Tuesday’s primary to make sure we elect Gretchen to be a strong voice for progress! https://t.co/DFJhMRskzR
Kelda has a tough primary coming up, and we need to make sure she wins. We need a voice for women’s rights in Wisconsin. Will you donate $5 right now to make sure Kelda has the resources she needs to win her primary this month?https://t.co/QaP7GDc0fL
Wisconsin is one of 22 states where abortion could become illegal overnight if Roe v. Wade was overturned, but Kelda won’t let that happen. She doesn’t take no for an answer when it comes to women’s rights.
President Trump has called Gov. Scott Walker “a favorite of mine” because he knows Walker will keep pushing his anti-woman agenda. Women’s rights in Wisconsin depend on Kelda winning in November, so we need to rush her our urgent support.
You need to know about @keldahelenroys, who’s running to defeat Scott Walker. As soon as I met Kelda, I knew she was exactly the kind of defender of women’s rights we need. In a few tweets, I’ll tell you why:
Women in the U.S. are dying from childbirth at the highest rate of any developed country. This is unacceptable, and we must do better. We have work to do in ensuring access to high-quality, affordable health care for mothers.
Across the country, women are coming together to start giving circles in support of amazing federal and state candidates who share their values. @FutureNowUSA writes more: https://t.co/cEYNKudbp7
This proposal would force American workers into an impossible position. To take paid leave now, you would have to trade it in for the Social Security benefits you’d need later. 

And if you need to care for a sick or dying parent, you’d get nothing.
https://t.co/CFSZqNb9Zg
I recently rode the Staten Island Ferry and was struck all over again by the hope, opportunity and promise Lady Liberty represents. This country has always fought to close the distance between our policies and our ideals. Now more than ever, we must keep up that fight. https://t.co/WL9ux7IPU9
Marijuana laws in this country are discriminatory and unjust. That’s why I’m working to pass the Marijuana Justice Act. It’s time to end a system that robs people and families of their hopes, dreams and potential. It’s time for justice.
In considering scaling back the refugee program even further, the Trump administration is turning its back on America’s promise to be a safe haven for the most vulnerable. We can’t close the door to those fleeing unimaginable violence and poverty. https://t.co/h80DAAIhOi
Loved it! So inspiring. For all those who marched and for all those who want to continue to fight back, RBG is a role model for all us. Never give up. https://t.co/w3fB11yH3E
Despite knowing the harm it would cause, despite knowing the trauma it would inflict and the lives it would ruin, this administration separated families. It must fix the crisis it caused at our border, and then answer for its cruelty and inhumanity. https://t.co/V5wfbjfgjy
Once again, @realDonaldTrump is threatening to shutdown the government for his wasteful, taxpayer-funded border wall. Instead of dangling threats to hold our country hostage, how about taking action to reunite hundreds of kids who remain separated from their parents?
So many @getots-endorsed women have already won primaries across the country, and I couldn’t be prouder. These victories prove that when women run, we change the conversation and we win. Let’s keep up this momentum. Let’s keep fighting. Let’s change the face of Congress. https://t.co/UlgtHLSj13
If women made up 51% of Congress, there’s no way we’d still be fighting for things like equal pay. But with a record number of women running for office this year, we can change that. We can elect women who will give a voice to the issues that have taken a back seat for too long.
Americans have the right to be fully informed about a Supreme Court nominee’s record, but Senate Republicans refuse to request all the documents related to Kavanaugh’s service in the Bush White House. What are they trying to hide? It’s unacceptable. We must see his full record.
It seems like this administration would do just about anything for giveaways to their donors. https://t.co/DtLa3IF9e5
Thank you to @IndivisibleTeam for your endorsement, and for all the incredible work you’ve done to build a grassroots movement powered by people fighting for what’s right. I can’t wait to raise our voices together for the progressive issues we believe in. https://t.co/ZqGFKvfH38
If we get to the polls on Election Day, and encourage everyone we know to do the same, we will change the face of Congress in November. With just 99 days before the midterms, I’m asking each of you today to make a plan to vote: https://t.co/mLqxg4nJFm
Women are leading the resistance and fighting for our democracy. Incredible women leaders have started giving circles to leverage their resources, raise their voices and support candidates who share their values. This is what @getots is all about. https://t.co/Vdc71Q1mjN
Republicans are pouring money into Arizona to defeat Kyrsten. She needs our urgent support behind her to make sure she has the resources necessary to defeat Arpaio in November. Will you donate to help Kyrsten flip this seat blue and take back the Senate? https://t.co/6pVRAeOE1h
President Trump won Arizona by 4 points, and Mike Pence all but endorsed Kyrsten’s racist, misogynistic opponent, Joe Arpaio. We can’t afford another rubber stamp in the Senate for this administration’s hateful policies, so we need to do everything we can to elect Kyrsten.
Taking back the Senate has never been more important, but we can’t do it if we don’t elect my friend @kyrstensinema. Kyrsten is a proven fighter, and that’s why we need her voice standing up for women, families and progress against President Trump’s discrimination and bigotry.
Our planet is in the midst of a global heatwave that’s alarming scientists. With record highs this summer, global climate change is upon us. The U.S. and our president must lead, but instead his admin is shamefully weakening our environmental standards. https://t.co/LsYaf6icxJ
The only people who don’t like my Postal Banking Act are the payday lenders who profit off Americans’ desperation. So it’s time to fight back, put them out of business and bring justice to people in communities nationwide. https://t.co/prWe5wsNrq
The U.S. is the only developed country in the world without a universal paid family leave mandate. It isn’t because we can’t afford it – not at all. It’s because we’ve lacked the will. Raise your voice to help me get the FAMILY Act passed so we can achieve universal paid leave. https://t.co/jOpD2HiGFv
Women in the U.S. are dying from giving birth because they aren't getting quality medical treatment. This crisis affects women of color at even higher rates. We need to work toward every mother getting access to the quality health care they deserve. https://t.co/DwwuF0kVmE
Let’s come together right now for Jacky to make sure she has the resources she needs to stand up to this administration’s attacks and flip this critical seat blue. Will you give $5 now to help Jacky win in November and take back the Senate for Democrats? https://t.co/SU9L6uM1FL
But Trump is personally campaigning for Jacky’s opponent, and Mitch McConnell’s allies pledged to spend $11.2 million to defeat her. We need to rush our support to Jacky so she can be a critical voice in the Senate to stop Kavanaugh’s appointment and hold Trump accountable.
My friend @RosenforNevada’s race is the only one in the country where an incumbent Republican senator is running in a state Trump lost, so this is our best shot to pick up a Senate seat. With the future of the Supreme Court on the line, we can’t afford to lose in Nevada.
It’s clear that the Trump administration is acting in bad faith with their attempts to add a citizenship question to the 2020 census. Here’s why it would be harmful to communities across the country — especially in New York State: https://t.co/GMyWlOcDc4
People of color are arrested at 10 times the rate of white people for marijuana possession, despite similar rates of usage. We need to pass the Marijuana Justice Act: It’s a step toward much-needed criminal justice reform. This is about equality and doing what’s right.
All we know as of now is that the Trump administration has missed another deadline to reunite these families. We don’t know if or when all of these families will be reunited, and we can’t stop fighting – not until every single child is reunited with their parents.
Our great state joined the union on this day in 1788. Happy 230th birthday, New York! https://t.co/wqXaKOtMjD
Puerto Rico deserves to be able to rebuild from Hurricane Maria’s devastation without being crushed by debt. Congress must do its job. Call your elected officials and demand they pass the U.S. Territorial Relief Act immediately to aid our fellow Americans in their time of need.
Our country faces a massive student debt crisis. We should be doing all we can to give relief to graduates, especially those who’ve been cheated by predatory institutions.

Instead, Betsy DeVos has chosen to side with the predatory for-profit colleges. https://t.co/VGsl9juL65
The Americans with Disabilities Act became law 28 years ago to prevent discrimination against those with disabilities. But that discrimination is far from over – so our work isn’t over to listen to and amplify the voices fighting for accessibility and equal opportunity. #ADA28
Let’s make sure @HigherHeights can keep up this vital mission and train more black women leaders to run for office and win across the country. Will you give now to change the face of our leadership and elect black women candidates up and down the ballot? https://t.co/UnqTbeSkkC
Black women are critical voices for progress that we need at every level of government, and @HigherHeights is making sure they have the tools they need to pull up a seat at the table and shape the conversation.
We need more incredible black women like @LucyWins2018 in positions of power, and organizations like @HigherHeights are dedicated to making that happen. They’re changing the face of our leadership by supporting black women candidates running for office across the country.
Our military is strongest when it represents the nation it serves. We must take that value to heart and keep fighting as hard as we can to block this ban. I can guarantee that your voices are making a difference in this fight, so do not let up. #ProtectTransTroops
.@realDonaldTrump's transgender troop ban is one of the most disgraceful policies of his presidency — an insult to the brave service of thousands who are willing to die for this country. It doesn’t strengthen our military. It erodes military readiness. It wastes taxpayer money.
Exactly one year ago, transgender service members stationed all around the world put on their uniforms and showed up for work, only to be told by their Commander in Chief via Twitter that he doesn’t want them in “any capacity.”
By moving to impeach Rosenstein, House Republicans have made a clear play to obstruct Mueller's investigation. The Senate should act immediately to protect the Special Counsel. 

The American people deserve answers. We can't let this president put himself above the rule of law. https://t.co/Dl0EototRA
Lucy has a tough general election fight ahead of her. @getots and I will be supporting her every step of the way, and we need you right there with us. Can you give now to make sure Lucy has the resources she needs to help flip Congress blue in November? https://t.co/xslXQzE0jy
With so much on the line right now, from lifesaving gun safety reform to women’s access to health care, electing women candidates like Lucy to stand up for the issues we care most about has never been more important. She will help power change in this country.
Congratulations to @LucyWins2018 on becoming the Democratic nominee in #GA06 last night! As a mother and activist, Lucy’s an incredible leader. I’m excited to fight by her side between now and Election Day to flip this seat blue in November!
I am so pleased to announce that the Senate passed a career and technical education bill that included major provisions from two of my bipartisan bills to help New York’s students. Read more about it: https://t.co/np88u0Esa4
I told @nytimes: Almost every bad policy that comes out of Washington can be traced back to the toxic influence money has over our politics. We can transform our economy and level the playing field by getting corporate money out of our elections. https://t.co/BF23W5f3rM
53 days is too long. But this is great news for Pablo and his family, especially for his two girls who must be overjoyed to be with their father again! Thanks to all who fought to reunite this family, and let’s keep speaking out against Trump’s inhumane immigration policies. https://t.co/hJyaNqFuRc
If we keep standing up for what we believe in, if we keep fighting for what we know is right, for the empowerment of others and against every injustice we see, we can keep up the fight against this administration. We can win in November. https://t.co/SDJmv4D2bD
At a moment in time when our country grapples with much uncertainty, local journalism has been vital to informing our communities and speaking truth to power. Today is a bad day for informed democracy as @NYDailyNews undergoes deep cuts to editorial staff. #SupportLocalJournalism
A special thanks to all who came out to the College of Staten Island to voice their concerns at our Staten Island Town Hall, despite the power outage after the storms this weekend. Even though our auditorium had no power, I’m grateful for everyone sticking it out in the lobby! https://t.co/aln5OXZGY4
If the DoD is serious about ending sexual assault in the military, it will stop delaying its report detailing the risk to service members at bases around the world. We need transparency and accountability. We need to end this epidemic. It can't wait. https://t.co/p6SHAKjHO2
It was inspiring to see the Statue of Liberty this afternoon. We have the power to make sure that America lives up to what she represents: A country that welcomes all people with the promise of opportunity and hope. 

We just have to keep fighting. https://t.co/K3vVMQjVgO
We have the power to make sure our country achieves the ideals inscribed on the Statue of Liberty. If we stay strong in the fight for what’s right, for the values we want America to represent, we can ensure we live up to our promise of safety, opportunity and hope.
We must fight for the tired, the poor and the huddled masses that Emma Lazarus wrote about. We can’t let them experience horrors in our country like the ones they set out to escape.
We cannot look in the other direction when we see the injustices and abuses of power happening right here on American soil. We cannot shy away from our responsibility to treat immigrants with humanity and compassion. We cannot turn our backs on the ideals of Emma Lazarus’s poem.
The Trump administration has slammed America’s doors on those seeking refuge, beginning with the passage of the discriminatory travel ban. Now, there are children detained at our border reportedly being subjected to physical and verbal abuse.
Today, on Emma Lazarus’s birthday, we look to her poem inscribed on the Statue of Liberty, which tells the story of an America that welcomes “your tired, your poor, your huddled masses.” But to live up to her words, we must reflect on where we’ve come from and where we are. https://t.co/Bylr0XAKru
If we keep speaking out, we can stop Kavanaugh from being confirmed. I talked about his extreme views on women’s health and net neutrality with @SymoneDSanders. Listen and help us keep the pressure on the Senate to stop this terrible choice:  https://t.co/Poj7gJv7h2
It's already difficult for women to exercise our right to choose. For many, reproductive care is flat-out inaccessible. We can’t afford Brett Kavanaugh pushing us further back. We must fight with everything we have to protect women’s rights. https://t.co/wnKDiqohmW
The Trump administration has failed to reunite over 2,000 children taken from their parents at our border. Their nightmare isn’t over, so keep fighting. Keep calling Congress to demand justice. Keep donating to groups providing legal aid and resources. https://t.co/ur1KV3H6IP
Loved being in Rochester for the first stop of our town hall summer swing. Was glad to answer so many thoughtful questions. Thanks to all to who came out and to @MonroeCC for hosting! https://t.co/3JsyDOWwso
The Senate yesterday effectively blocked the confirmation of a judge whose intolerant writings made him unqualified to serve on the federal appeals court. We can block Kavanaugh, too. Raise your voices. Call your senators. And don’t let up.
I’m always struck by the beauty of New York when I’m traveling across the state, and I wanted to share some of my favorite views with my rapid response team. Text NYS to 97779 to get an exclusive New York-themed phone background! https://t.co/0Q87EumwZG
.@realDonaldTrump held this up as evidence that he’s recognized Russian meddling, but he: 

1) refused to admit it was to help him

2) cast doubt each time

3) hasn't acted to stop future attacks

Congress needs to defend our democracy. The president won't. https://t.co/5ykUEsjRxb
.@realDonaldTrump, instead of inviting Putin to the White House, how about you condemn him, and hold him accountable, for Russia’s interference in the 2016 elections and their continuing efforts to undermine our democracy?
I’m grateful for the voices of these brave survivors. We see you. We hear you. We’ll keep fighting alongside you to ensure justice. https://t.co/Z8VLTOHleO
Excited to head to Staten Island on Sunday. Looking forward to hearing from you. Please join us! https://t.co/3QBRxK4NAb
When I think about this moment we’re in, I think about the leaders who came before us. On the anniversary of the Seneca Falls Convention, we look to them for inspiration as we strive for a more inclusive women’s movement and equal access to the voting booth. https://t.co/jQwahidviD
She has a tough primary around the corner and will need our urgent, campaign-winning support to get her across the finish line. Will you donate $5 or more right now to help Kelda defeat Scott Walker and become the next governor of Wisconsin? https://t.co/MoYCs6G1H2
I met Kelda this weekend in WI, and I was inspired by her drive to stand up for working people and families over corporate interests. She’s the kind of fighter we need to beat Scott Walker this November, and @getots and I will be fighting alongside her every step of the way.
I first heard about @keldahelenroys from her incredible campaign ad about fighting for the issues that matter most to real people. Candidates like Kelda are exactly why I started @getots, and I’m so proud to endorse her for governor of Wisconsin. https://t.co/rfsZNRh5Zi
Always fun to “girl chat” with @SymoneDSanders, especially about my bill to empower U.S. post offices to provide basic banking services and take on payday lenders. It’s a commonsense solution to a big problem. #WeShouldAllBeForPostalBanking @crookedmedia https://t.co/Poj7gJv7h2
I believe elected officials should be accessible and accountable to the public. That is why I'm so excited to kick off our town hall season in Rochester with @MonroeCC. If you're in the area, please stop by! I would love to hear what's on your mind. https://t.co/6nnq0OMj6g
Republicans in Congress have yet to even try to make President Trump answer for any of his outrageous and dangerous policies. Let their inaction fuel your action. Call your representatives and tell them to hold this president accountable. If they don’t, vote them out in November.
No one should be above the law – especially the president. Yet another reason why Brett Kavanaugh should never sit on the Supreme Court. https://t.co/XrND6y2D1j
Pregnant women have come forward with heartbreaking stories of inhumane treatment while in immigration detention. It’s shameful, so I’ve joined @PattyMurray on a bill that will prevent these detentions, and set new standards of care for pregnant women who have been detained. https://t.co/KglJHij0yP
The Trump administration is making it even easier for wealthy donors to influence our elections in secret. I want to be completely clear: Money isn't free speech. We have to fight the corrosive influence of dark money in politics until we’re free of it. https://t.co/UpwSihYQ7V
Brett Kavanaugh's nomination to the Supreme Court poses a huge threat to the fundamental civil rights of women across America. I talked to @glamourmag about what's at stake—and why every woman must rise up and speak out as loud as she can. 

https://t.co/zkbKtToaE4
.@realDonaldTrump refused to stand up to Putin. 

The Congress controlled by his own party refuses to do their job and stand up to the president. 

We need to take back the House and Senate to finally put a check on this president.
If Kavanaugh is confirmed to the Supreme Court, the future of women’s reproductive freedom in this country would come down to the decisions of five men. 

Women must fight back against this dangerous nomination with everything we have. Our fundamental civil rights are at stake.
.@LUnderwood630 is going to be a relentless force fighting for working families and health care rights. But she’s facing a tough election and needs our support. Will you give now to elect Lauren to represent #IL14 and help Democrats flip the House? https://t.co/kKGFFDTdk1 https://t.co/dBBEHTgArK
We just witnessed the President of the United States abdicate his national security responsibilities as Commander-in-Chief. When he was given the chance to hold Putin accountable and condemn Russia's interference in our elections, he refused.
With the future of the SCOTUS on the line, we’ve each got to help Tammy meet her critical fundraising goal tonight and stay on track to win, so I’m counting on you to give just $3 to her campaign: https://t.co/IhiLVvlfco
.@tammybaldwin has been by our side during some of the biggest fights of this administration. From standing up for affordable health care to opposing Trump’s SCOTUS nomination, Tammy’s voice is one we can’t afford to lose in the Senate.
I'm hitting the campaign trail in WI for @tammybaldwin, and I wanted to tell you why her race is so important: Right-wing groups have already spent almost $10 million to flip Tammy’s seat – they know it could determine control of the Senate.
Your voice at the ballot box has never mattered more than right now. With Senate and House control on the line and the future of SCOTUS at stake, every one of us must get to the polls in November and vote for those who will defend our values. https://t.co/mLqxg4FkwU
On July 14, 1917, 16 suffragists were arrested for protesting for the right to vote. Their determination helped lead to women’s suffrage – and reminds us to never, ever back down when we’re fighting for what’s right. https://t.co/x3ZOEvobO8
I started Off The Sidelines 7 years ago to help tear down barriers and empower proud, progressive women candidates to run and win. And we won’t stop until every woman is in her rightful place at the decision-making table. Happy birthday, @getots – and here’s to many more! https://t.co/w6EUyGUCqm
I traveled to TX this week to visit detention centers holding children and women who came to our border seeking asylum. As this crisis unfolds, it’s critical we know what’s happening to these families so we can fight the injustices. Here’s what I saw: https://t.co/ms2QwjzytP
I’m going to fight this nomination with everything I have at every step of the process. But I need you right by my side, calling your senators again and again to tell them not to hold a hearing for Brett Kavanaugh. We have to fight harder than ever with this much on the line.
Kavanaugh praised the dissent in Roe v. Wade, indicating he would vote to overturn abortion rights. He also argued that religious employers should be able to decide if a woman can access birth control, a decision that should only ever be between her and her doctor, not her boss.
If we allow Brett Kavanaugh to serve a lifetime appointment on the Supreme Court, a woman’s right to make decisions about her own body will be under attack like never before. His track record proves it.
We need to stop putting corporations before people. We need to end the influence of dark money in politics. But Brett Kavanaugh’s record suggests he will put big business ahead of working Americans every time. We must keep fighting back against his confirmation.
Americans can and should have paid leave while they’re working, and a safe and secure retirement later on. Today, I testified to the Senate Finance Committee about why the #FAMILYAct is the best paid leave plan for workers, for businesses, and for the country. https://t.co/qz1SSB7fCZ
Thank you for coming! And thank you for your persistent advocacy for #paidleave! https://t.co/9z9z9CaPp9
Republicans have proposed paid leave plans that would come at a cost to Social Security benefits. But in the wealthiest country in the history of the world, American workers shouldn’t have to choose between paid family leave and financial security in retirement. #RealPaidLeave
At some point, each of us will have a situation where we'll need to take time off of work to be with, and care for, our families. No working American should have to choose between their family and their paycheck. But today, many have to. It’s long past time for #RealPaidLeave.
Paid family leave for all American workers shouldn’t have to come at a cost to Social Security benefits. We can have both. 

The #FAMILYAct wouldn’t create this kind of false choice. 

https://t.co/Na4Wbkzdd6
.@VP and @realDonaldTrump campaigned on the promise that they would roll back women’s rights and overturn Roe v. Wade. Women, we need to fight the SCOTUS nomination like our futures and freedom depend on it. Because they do. https://t.co/Vw8O1exfyu
At this moment, we should have no doubt: Women’s rights, civil rights, and equal rights are at stake.

Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination to the Supreme Court must be rejected by the Senate. 

Be heard, today. Call: (202) 224-3121 https://t.co/vEYv5XOn1W
We all know what’s at stake with Kavanaugh’s nomination: The freedom for women to make our own choices. Equal rights. Civil rights. All of the values we hold most dear. Stopping this will take all of us, fighting as hard as we can, raising our voices again and again. https://t.co/TfhDaxoNQi
Tell your senators to hold the line. Tell them to refuse to hold a hearing. Tell them not to confirm anyone until after the midterm elections – when we can recommend a bipartisan nominee. Call, and don’t stop calling. There’s too much at stake not to raise your voice right now.
I stand by my pledge to vote no on President Trump’s nominee, because the American people deserve the opportunity to make their voices heard in November about this lifetime appointment.
President Trump just announced Brett Kavanaugh as his nominee to the Supreme Court. One thing’s already clear from his record: He can’t be trusted to safeguard rights for women, workers or to end the flow of corporate money to campaigns.
Pregnant women say they are being harmed and denied medical care in immigration detention — even when hemorrhaging and miscarrying. 

What they've endured is shocking and heartbreaking. 

We must fight back even harder against the cruelty and inhumanity of Trump's policies. https://t.co/oE3cIS6j3d
About 3000 children, including at least 100 under the age of 5, were separated from their parents and held in custody at our border. 

I just left Texas, and saw no real plan to bring these families back together before tomorrow’s court deadline.
Today I visited a facility in Brownsville, TX, where over 1,200 migrant children are being housed. What I saw reveals the incompetence of this administration and the cruelty of its policy. I came here to find answers, but I’m leaving with more questions. Here’s what I saw: https://t.co/tzW9apb8rm
We must be relentless in our fight to put a stop to this administration’s inhumanity, to see that the kids separated from their families are reunited. Keep raising your voices, keep donating, and keep fighting as hard as you can for what’s right.
https://t.co/qu8nw9hHWS
We must fight to protect those whose voices are too often ignored and silenced. We must elevate those voices by raising our own. We must demand to be heard, and we must never back down in the fight for a better, fairer and more just world. https://t.co/kk99ltBN2C
With four months until Election Day and women’s rights on the line, President Trump can’t be allowed to make a SCOTUS appointment without the American people having a say at the ballot box. We must keep speaking out. #SaveSCOTUS
We can’t lose Claire’s voice with this much on the line. We need her by our side, and that’s why I’m asking you to donate right now to help make sure that she can stay there. Will you give just $5 to help Claire win in Missouri and take back the Senate? https://t.co/GSaqAfAJY1
President Trump has already been to Missouri three times to campaign for her anti-women opponent, and special interests have poured almost $10 million into attacks against her. Claire can’t fight these attacks and a flood of dark money alone. She’s counting on our support.
The stakes for winning back a Democratic Senate majority have never been higher. With a Supreme Court seat on the line and our values under attack, we need to reelect @clairecmc!
We’re in the midst of a humanitarian crisis on American soil. Now there are reports the Trump administration has asked a federal judge to extend its deadline for reuniting families. We have to keep fighting to shine a light on this injustice.
Immigration is a strength of America. Our country needs a new agency that works, and it needs bipartisan immigration reform. That includes border security, a humane asylum process, and a pathway to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants who are already here.
Their immoral zero tolerance policy has made us less safe, drained federal resources from violent criminals, and stained our country’s soul.
.@realDonaldTrump and @VP continue to falsely attack millions of Americans who are appalled at the incompetence and cruelty of their self-made immigration crisis.
No, @VP, the separation of families at the border and throughout the country is cruel, and it must end. We’ll keep speaking out as loud as we can until these families are reunited. #FamilesBelongTogether https://t.co/5FzYyYOuFy
As we fight to make sure you have a say on the next justice, we need to raise our voices to restore fairness to our campaign finance system. We have to overturn Citizens United. #SaveSCOTUS https://t.co/t6lgrYCVI4
Scott Pruitt should never have set foot inside the EPA in the first place. He violated public trust. Even worse, he implemented a disastrous environmental policy designed to benefit industry insiders, one that will have terrible consequences for our children and grandchildren. https://t.co/wQ3MHq0ZCE
You can bet that anyone on @realDonaldTrump’s list of potential SCOTUS nominees would overturn Roe v. Wade. Our hard-fought rights could evaporate in a moment. That’s a massive step backward for women’s equality that I will not stand for. Not in 2018. Not ever.
Today, I’m reflecting on what patriotism is: the advocacy and determination of ordinary people striving to make our country better. I’m so proud to stand with each of you as we pursue a more just and unified society together. A very happy Fourth of July to you and your family! https://t.co/9hkm0Bep8h
This is wrong. This is discriminatory. This is a direct attack on our country’s efforts to pursue fairness and equality. Diverse voices and backgrounds only add value to our education system. We must stand up and speak out to ensure every student has equal opportunities. https://t.co/tZqNV2bfqQ
Yet another reason why this country needs postal banking. The U.S. Postal Service has 30,000 locations across the country that could give every American a not-for-profit alternative when they need a small dollar loan, or basic banking services. https://t.co/9d0L32H8GV
Tell your friends, every woman you know, that if they care about their health, privacy, and safety, that the Supreme Court will have say about all of that. Then, make calls: (202) 224-3121.

Let's make the Supreme Court a voting issue like no other. The stakes couldn't be higher.
The administration needs to own up and answer: How will the children be reunited with their parents? I’ll keep asking, for as long as it takes, until every single family is together again. #FamiliesBelongTogether https://t.co/5WWBQ9FYtg
54 years ago, the Civil Rights Act was signed, marking a crucial step in the fight for equality. We must keep working to empower each other and amplify the voices of those who desperately need to be heard. We must keep fighting to become a more just and more equal country.
Grateful to @ProtectRDfnders and Col. Don Christensen for keeping up the pressure on this issue. We will not stop fighting for the reforms our service members deserve, and for a more fair, accountable, and transparent military justice system. https://t.co/nJs6pXvc11
New Yorkers could see their insurance premiums rise by as much as 24% next January, as the Trump administration’s measures to sabotage the Affordable Care Act begin to take effect. https://t.co/PLEBj78vSp
Here's the number for the Senate switchboard: 202-224-3121. Save it in your contact list. Call every day and tell everyone you know to call, too. Your voice should decide who gets a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court.
With a Supreme Court seat vacant, civil liberties are at risk. Our most fundamental rights could be eroded. Now, tell your senators you deserve to help choose your next justice. Every day between now and Nov. 6, fight to have a Democratic Senate decide the next confirmation.
I know how hard things feel now, but we've faced challenges before and have overcome them. If you keep fighting for justice, we will win. If you stay united, we will win. If you do the work and keep believing, we will win.
A group of top ICE investigators who handle “national security threats, child pornography and transnational crime” are “seeking to dissolve the agency.” They’ve cited the Trump administration’s crackdown on non-violent immigrants as a distraction from their critical work. https://t.co/zxCYjnnz0W
Take @realdonaldtrump at his word. He wants to “punish” women for exercising their reproductive freedom. He promised to nominate to SCOTUS someone who would “automatically” overturn Roe v. Wade. We need to fight like women’s lives and freedom are on the line. Because they are. https://t.co/Fvnkof7omr
@JessLivMo Jess, a big thanks to you, to @domesticworkers, @MoveOn, @ACLU, and others who worked so hard to organize this march!! Your leadership on this issue is making a big difference.
Today’s #FamiliesBelongTogether march was a powerful statement to President Trump that we will not back down until every last one of these kids is back in the arms of their parents. The march may be over, but we must keep speaking out and keep fighting as hard as we can. https://t.co/cebgSAKkB9
I’ll be at the #FamiliesBelongTogether march tomorrow, adding my voice to the thousands refusing to sit back or stand down. Whether you march or tweet or call your members of Congress – do not stop. This is unprecedented cruelty, and we will match it with unprecedented action. https://t.co/UHLhUlSXg3
I'll be on tonight's episode of @allinwithchris to talk about the future of the Supreme Court. Tune in around 8:15pm ET! https://t.co/cgBSp6h2Dr
With a Supreme Court seat on the line, President Trump is desperate to reelect @RosenforNevada’s opponent to be a rubber stamp on his agenda. She needs our urgent support to fight back and win this race. Will you donate now to help Jacky flip #NVSen blue? https://t.co/XOoKfOPaCh
Across the country, state legislatures have already made significant moves to limit a woman's access to abortion and contraception. Imagine what could happen with a Supreme Court justice who is in favor of overturning Roe v. Wade.
I believe we need to protect families who need help, and ICE isn’t doing that. It has become a deportation force. We need to separate immigration issues from criminal justice. We need to abolish ICE, start over and build something that actually works. https://t.co/JtSN68k4Fd
I’m horrified by today’s shooting at the Capital Gazette. Journalists do vital work to further our democracy. They shouldn’t have to face this kind of violence in their own backyard. 

How many more communities must grieve until Congress summons up the courage to pass gun reform?
Protesting to end family separation. https://t.co/hA6enBRKuW
With Justice Kennedy's retirement, there’s no doubt that women's reproductive freedom is on the ballot this fall. Between now and November 6th, do everything you can to help protect our most basic civil rights. https://t.co/mLqxg4nJFm
Women’s lives are at stake. I will fight for you to have a voice in the selection of our next Supreme Court justice, and I won’t ever stop fighting. Proud to join @WeDemandJustice in sending that message today. https://t.co/Bhg2YC2A3K
Any one of President Trump's list of proposed SCOTUS justices would overturn Roe v. Wade and threaten our fundamental rights. I'll fight to make sure there are no hearings to replace Justice Kennedy until after the election. This is our democracy. Let’s fight like it. https://t.co/LqPkFrEtin
The President just said the next Supreme Court nominee WILL come from his list of 25 judges that passed his overturning Roe v. Wade litmus test. We need to say NO hearings before the election and work our hearts out and take back the Senate. 
https://t.co/9HzyIhLQei
Now that there is a vacancy, after the Garland heist, the balance of the court will be tilted even more against women's, workers', and civil rights for decades to come if the president nominates 1 of the 25 judges that passed his litmus tests. We need to #ditchthelist now. https://t.co/HRzSFErhLQ
In an economy that is rigged in favor of the wealthy and powerful, unions strengthen our communities, raise our wages, and ensure that anyone who wants to work hard, has access to a good job that lets them work hard. 

America needs unions now more than ever.
Janus v. AFSCME was nothing short of a political attack on public sector unions at the behest of corporate interests. This ruling is damaging to our unions. 

In the face of attacks, unions still lead the fight to reward work in this country. Let's keep standing with them. #Union https://t.co/82ZuYaSZYB
Congratulations to Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (@Ocasio2018) for running an impressive race in #NY14 and making history.
Supporting Democrats running to flip Republican seats and take back the Senate is the single most powerful thing you can do to fight back against the hateful policies of this administration. Give now to fight for the values and people we believe in: https://t.co/lBCU7b2UV9
I don’t understand why men continue to tell women what to do with their bodies. Every woman on the Supreme Court opposed the ruling in #NIFLAvBecerra allowing crisis pregnancy centers to deceive women coming for help. Enough. These are our bodies. Listen to us.
We need fair-minded judges who will uphold the value of equality. This current list represents a clear danger to women's health and should be rejected in favor of a bipartisan nominee should there be a vacancy on the bench.
If a vacancy occurs during this term, after the Garland heist, the balance of the court could be tilted even more against women's, workers', and civil rights for decades to come by the president’s list of 25 judges who have passed his litmus test of overturning Roe v. Wade.
It is clear that the president wants to use the courts to shape policy that he can’t get passed through Congress, like his discriminatory travel ban.
The Roberts Court has repeatedly put corporations over people, including the dangerous Epic Systems decision, which undermined workers' well-being.
I second Justice Sotomayor’s words. https://t.co/scnCKXEgnF
We cannot—we must not—stop speaking out. We cannot sit back and let these intolerant actions define who we are. Your voice matters, so I hope you’ll continue to stand with, and fight for, immigrant and refugee families.
Like I’ve said since the day President Trump announced this terrible Executive Order, our country’s willingness to accept families fleeing some of the most dangerous, violent places on earth is not only the right thing to do, but it also helps make our country safer.
The president’s travel ban flies in the face of every value on which our country was built. The Supreme Court’s decision to uphold it is truly upsetting.
Wendy Davis showed us what it means to raise your voice, as she was relentless in filibustering against an anti-abortion bill targeting Texas’s clinics. Her tenacity demonstrated how important it is to speak out about the issues that matter and never back down. https://t.co/bfTlFbGNxp
We are indebted to Chief Spadafora's heroism and decades of service to New York City. Sending my deepest condolences to his family and loved ones. Today, my heart is with the FDNY and the entire 9/11 community. https://t.co/MoLi9FsANb
2018 is defined by women. Women are running for office in record numbers – and they're mobilizing other women to raise their voices at town halls and the polls. I talked about this incredible energy on the @pantsuitnation podcast: https://t.co/eav14FhFPW
No community is better served by having hungry children. That's why I'll keep pushing to pass my legislation, the SNAP for Kids Act. You can learn more about it here 👇

https://t.co/SXI5tlmdUH
When we know that kids in this country are going to bed hungry, we have a moral obligation to act. I find it so disturbing that Congressional Republicans want to make it harder for struggling families to put food on the table for their children.

https://t.co/lX2JLhrnJo
Please send urgent support to these organizations providing legal aid and critical assistance to families at the border. We need to take every step we can to fight this injustice and inhumanity. https://t.co/u3UHf0F1gb
Our fight for families separated at the border is far from over. This administration still has no clear plan to reunite thousands of children with their parents. These moms, dads and kids are counting on every single one of us to keep fighting for them. Here’s how: https://t.co/861OYJ9qXS
Had a great day in Buffalo with @CPeoplesStokes! We met with the Restore Our Community Coalition, a group working to revitalize Buffalo's Humbolt Parkway with green space, per the vision of its architect, Frederick Law Olmstead. Inspired by their hard work and dedication. https://t.co/H9guhCv5BI
While we were watching the crisis that continues to unfold at our borders, Congressional Republicans unveiled a budget that would end the Affordable Care Act, and slash Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. Another example of the GOP attacking the most vulnerable among us. https://t.co/7ql2iV2QDi
We stopped the first inhumane policy, but this administration has completely lost its moral conscience. It’s up to us to fight back for these children, moms and dads. We must continue to speak out to live up to the hope these families believed in when they came to our country.
Reports say ICE has taken children away from the border, further from their families, to facilities in Michigan, Illinois and here in New York. These kids are scared and uncertain about their future. Their parents need to know how to get them back. They deserve answers.
President Trump wants credit for ending the child separation policy he started. But the cruelty hasn’t stopped, and our fight for these families isn’t over. It’s appalling that there are still no plans to reunite thousands of children – even some babies – with their families.
By telling insurance companies they could no longer deny coverage or charge more for pre-existing conditions, the Affordable Care Act protected 130 million Americans. It's clear that the Trump administration’s attempts to end these protections will have devastating consequences.
We must keep raising our voices and fighting the Trump administration's treatment of immigrants and refugees. How are they going to reunite kids with parents? What happens after the 20-day period? They owe these families answers. https://t.co/QJ56Sot7Bf
This is inhumane, cruel, and immoral. The president must stop this today. This policy isn't "tough", it's the act of a coward who's harming children for political gain. 

We all must keep speaking out as loudly as we can. 

https://t.co/cj7hwaNaqK
On #WorldRefugeeDay, our own government is creating a humanitarian crisis at our border and causing unthinkable pain. We must be better. We must fight to always keep our doors open to those seeking refuge. https://t.co/9zNpxgkVAI
.@HHSgov, @DHSgov let him in. https://t.co/TXYcUKuJiw
New York has the best manufacturing tradition in the country. Now, we need to do everything we can to keep that tradition up. So I’m glad that our push for more funding for New York’s manufacturing communities has passed the Senate. https://t.co/WSP1sigLsP
My bipartisan bill, the Made in America Manufacturing Communities Act, that would give communities all over New York access to funding to rebuild their manufacturing sectors, passed the full Senate last night! We’re now one step closer to getting these funds to our state. ⚙️
#Juneteenth is the day we commemorate the abolition of slavery in our country. While we’ve made great strides toward equality, we must also recognize the fights still ahead. Today, let’s renew our resolve to work toward a more equal and just future for all.
The Department of Homeland Security is tearing young children away from their parents. It is abhorrent. It is immoral. And the administration could stop this today. But since they won’t, Congress needs to step up.
Every Democratic senator is co-sponsoring the Keep Families Together Act, but not one Republican has signed on. Call your senators and tell those who are with us to keep fighting and those who aren’t that you need them to take on this injustice. Raise your voice again and again. https://t.co/IHTOSVLcTm
Cages. 

The government is tearing young children away from their parents, putting them in cages, sending them to tent cities. 

This is beyond horrific. Please, make your outrage known today. https://t.co/1bhX3Tqm5t
We can pass the Keep Families Together Act to stop the humanitarian crisis at our border, but only if you’re so loud your representatives have no choice but to do what’s right. Call Congress – and keep calling, marching and telling everyone you know to do the same.
Susan B. Anthony’s bravery reminds us of the impact a single voice can have, and to raise our own as loudly as possible in the continued fight for equality today. https://t.co/7dvwJKPgj1
Xiu Qing You was simply seeking to adjust his immigration status so that he could continue providing for his family. 

ICE arrested and detained him. Now, he faces deportation and separation from his wife and kids.

This abject cruelty must stop.
https://t.co/yaRZ69dFNt
A breastfeeding mother at a detention center had her daughter ripped away. Border agents tell parents they’re taking their children for a bath – but they don’t come back. There’s a humanitarian crisis at our border, and we have to fight it.
But Trump won Arizona by four points, and Republicans are spending big to win this seat. So we have to make sure Kyrsten has the critical resources she needs to win and beat Joe Arpaio. Please donate now to defend our values and flip this red seat blue: https://t.co/wc6I57rBNh
Public service is at the center of everything Kyrsten does. She overcame childhood homelessness to earn a full scholarship to college and run for the House, where she’s fought to create better opportunities for others. That’s the kind of determination we need in the Senate.
We need to do everything we can to get my friend @kyrstensinema to the Senate because she’s fighting in Arizona for women, for families and for progress. Her GOP extremist opponent Joe Arpaio? We know he’ll only fight for misogyny, racism and bigotry.
DACA was announced on this day in 2012, laying a foundation for Dreamers to build a future in the country they call home. But President Trump has put that chance in jeopardy. Let’s continue to fight for these young people to get a path to citizenship.
"They’re passed over for promotions and raises. They’re fired when they complain."

Worth reading. The stories from these working mothers are deeply infuriating.

https://t.co/DBzzKd6Yl9
Most of us in NY know someone who has been affected by Lyme disease. But President Trump refuses to address this epidemic, so we need to speak out. Will you call on Congress to fund research to stop this disease? https://t.co/KCyFELJrSR
The Trump administration is separating children from families escaping violence and extreme poverty at our border. We must do everything we can to stop this. That means calling your representatives, joining marches and protests, and telling everyone you know to join this fight.
What a beautiful night for baseball! Spending time with family, friends, and colleagues at tonight’s Congressional Baseball Game. https://t.co/s0LfM4V4NX
Hosting a bipartisan dinner for women senators @belmontpaulnps this evening! I'm honored to get to host this dinner around so much history. The Silent Sentinels, a group of women who fought for suffrage, held up these banners to protest at the White House gates. https://t.co/Mgd8oCYFEA
This is wrong on every level. Absolutely unconscionable. 

We’ve all read about dark moments in history and asked ourselves: What would I have done? We face that question now. Speak out. https://t.co/9KJHgcsGN5
I’m fighting to #PassMJIA to make sure survivors can report military sexual assault and harassment without fear of retaliation. They deserve a justice system worthy of their sacrifices, and we can help by speaking out now. Call your senators before they decide how to vote. https://t.co/9sEdYDFKjC
Ripping children from their parents and locking them in tent cities is a new low for this presidency. We should call these what they are – imprisonment camps. And it’s happening in our own country. We can’t let this become who we are.
Last night on @TheDailyShow, @GoLiveLifeWell, Col. Don Christensen and I sat down with @Trevornoah to discuss how to stop sexual assault in our military. Join this fight and call your senators at (202) 224-3121 to demand justice for survivors and #PassMJIA https://t.co/zf25CjXOyi
I hope North Korea is serious about this effort and determined to join the international community. And I encourage the Trump administration to do the hard work of getting a strong, verifiable agreement.
President Trump’s meeting with North Korea was the first step on a long road ahead. But now comes the hard work of getting real concessions out of North Korea and putting in place monitoring and verification mechanisms to ensure our security and the security of our allies.
While I believe that diplomacy is our best route to peaceful solutions, a deal with North Korea should never come at the expense of our own principles. We need to be unafraid to stand up for human rights—and we must never abandon our commitment to our allies.
Today, we stand with the LGBTQ community and remember the 49 people who lost their lives in the horrific shooting at Pulse nightclub two years ago. Let’s honor them by demanding that Congress finally take action on gun violence to prevent these senseless tragedies.
Great thread from the incredible team @TIMESUPNOW about why we must #PassMJIA: https://t.co/7jRPRBKHyH
The Senate could vote on MJIA any day. Now’s the time to speak out. Click below to call your senators – tell your friends to call, too – and sign the petition to demand justice for survivors. We must come together to stop sexual assault in our military. https://t.co/Q5xdnJ8tMN
I'm joining @GoLiveLifeWell and Col. Don Christensen of @ProtectRDfnders to discuss the Military Justice Improvement Act on tonight's episode of @TheDailyShow. Learn more about what we're fighting for by tuning in at 11pm/10pm central. #PassMJIA https://t.co/jp8zGb5gP0
Today's SCOTUS decision is a huge, disappointing setback for voting rights. 

I urge you to speak out—and please, know your power this November. Vote out every cynical politician working to suppress our sacred right to vote. https://t.co/T4o4o7RH4N
Let’s not dance around it: By denying asylum to domestic violence victims fleeing their abusers, the administration will cost women their lives. It shows how little this administration cares about people who are suffering. This is an attack on our most fundamental values. https://t.co/9NEi7JMHbB
If you live in VA, NV, ND, ME or SC, make sure you vote in tomorrow’s primaries. We have an opportunity to give a record number of women a seat at the table this election cycle. Let’s keep raising our voices, let’s keep voting and let’s keep leading this resistance!
See you tonight, @trevornoah! https://t.co/7oRMhDbSFW
#NetNeutrality protections end today, but let’s be clear: Our fight is far from over. The Senate voted to save the free and open internet—now, it's up to the House to do the right thing. We must all keep speaking out.
Congress needs to act now. Let’s remind them that our fellow Americans need our help. We need to refocus on PR. We need to demand an investigation into the full death toll and the inadequate federal response. And we need a new Marshall Plan to help the islands rebuild and heal.
As hurricane season begins, too many in PR still continue to suffer in the wake of Hurricane Maria. This storm was one of the deadliest natural disasters in U.S. history, and it devastated the island’s infrastructure, leaving people without clean water, power or medicine.
The Annual National Puerto Rican Day Parade is a chance to celebrate the many contributions Puerto Ricans have made to our country. But as we come together today, we need to remember the reality that continues to unfold and think about how we can help in their time of need. https://t.co/a99hKMu8OW
Today, on the 55th anniversary of the #EqualPayAct, we’re reminded that the fight for equality is not over. Women are still facing wage inequality today. It’s time to raise our voices and demand equal pay for equal work. It’s time for Congress to pass the #PaycheckFairnessAct.
Each and every one of us has the power to make a difference. Each and every voice has the power to change the world. So stand up, speak out and never back down. https://t.co/cY6jxPtMFh
.@SusieLeeNV is running to fight for public education, improve Obamacare and protect women's rights in #NV03. She’s facing the most expensive Nevada House race this cycle and needs our urgent support. Will you make sure Susie wins by giving $5 now? https://t.co/7QBAgBGm2q
We need @RosenforNevada in the Senate. But she’s facing a tough race this fall against a flood of dark money. She needs our full support to win this race and take back the Senate. Will you send Jacky just $5 now to help her flip this seat blue? https://t.co/OpxMsqhZK9
As we’ve come together to stand behind Democratic women this year, we’ve seen victory after victory in primaries across the country. Now, we need to keep the momentum going on Tuesday in NV, ME, ND, VA and SC, and support women who are fighting to change the face of Congress!
I'm so honored to fight with YOU! Thank you for putting this together—I'll have to check if I can make it, but appreciate all that the amazing #LWTSQUAD does. https://t.co/7qflS8IgZq
These children will never forget that when they arrived in the United States, the government ripped them away from their parents. It's sickening and I'll fight back as hard as I can. That’s why I’m cosponsoring @SenFeinstein's bill to halt this inhumane practice. https://t.co/2ru6Ig54rH
I was completely devastated after reading these stories. The Trump administration is carrying out a cruel, heartless, and unnecessary practice that will undoubtedly traumatize a generation of young children. https://t.co/iKBtfJFevG
When women raise our voices, we’re a force for good as great as any this world has ever seen – especially when we do it together. Keep speaking out. Let’s name our ambitions: Reply to tell me about yours! https://t.co/bMU0vx7zET
On Sunday, July 22, I'm heading to OZY Fest in Central Park, joining an exciting lineup of performances and panels. If you're in New York City, you should swing by! You can buy tickets here: https://t.co/RrkZkmuloi #ozyfest
ICE is acting recklessly and failing to respect human dignity. This administration's approach to immigration enforcement is cruel and extreme, and does not represent who we are as a country. Congress has to act. We must hold ICE accountable and stand up for human rights.
Health care should be a right, not a privilege.
The Trump administration is trying to destroy the Affordable Care Act by refusing to defend it in court, another move that could force the middle class to pay more for insurance, or lose coverage altogether. Our families in New York and across the country deserve better.
From @CWSoftballGame practice this morning. Feeling pretty good about this game. Team press better watch out! https://t.co/px8tF4Dx17
I'll not stop fighting to fix our military justice system. This week, I filed my bill, the Military Justice Improvement Act, as an amendment to the 2019 defense spending bill with @ChuckGrassley. Please help #PassMJIA and speak out for the reforms our service members deserve.
The #EqualPayAct was passed 55 years ago, but the pay gap still exists. Gender or race should never impact your paycheck. This discrimination hurts women, working families and our economy. That’s why we need to pass the #PaycheckFairnessAct to ensure equal pay, no matter what.
I was almost as excited about the chance to warm up my pitching arm as I was about seeing the room full of engaged, motivated people getting off the sidelines at last night’s @runforsomething event! Because when women run, we win! (Just like my cornhole game against @CoryBooker) https://t.co/b1WKXpGJUc
It is completely shameful for ICE to separate a father from his wife and kids like this. This administration's approach to immigration enforcement is inhumane, plain and simple, and does not make our country safer. We need answers and accountability. https://t.co/a7YlIQ9VIC
Stories like Heath’s are the reason why I will never stop fighting for our military justice system to be more fair, more accountable, and more transparent. 
https://t.co/ioEGWFFir9
It’s already abundantly clear that Trump and the GOP’s sabotage of our health care system will hurt many of our families. In New York, insurers are seeking an average 24% increase for premiums in 2019—double what it would have been without the repeal of the individual mandate.
Getting to the polls is one of the best ways to make real change. The last few months of progressive wins prove that when we come together, nothing can stop us. So if you live in AL, CA, IA, MS, MT, NJ, NM or SD, #vote in the June 5 primary! Your voice matters. Your vote counts. https://t.co/12BwCOUqQu
Harmful and disappointing ruling from the Supreme Court this morning. Companies shouldn't discriminate against members of our community because of who they love and who they are, period. https://t.co/QaqjjhoJve
The president’s repeated attempts to undermine the Special Counsel’s investigation are extremely troubling — Congress must move to protect it without any delay. https://t.co/VbJIcxTd1v
We need to show we truly value women by addressing the tragic reality of maternal mortality. A woman in the U.S. is three times more likely to die during childbirth than in Britain or Canada – and it’s worse for black women. We have to fight for better care for new moms.
So today, on National Gun Violence Awareness Day, we #WearOrange to remember the families and communities that have been torn apart by this country’s gun violence epidemic. Today, we honor them by speaking out to demand a better future. A future free from gun violence. https://t.co/UyCqvfdwEW
We have a gun violence epidemic in our country, and it claims 96 lives every day. But lawmakers haven’t come close to addressing this senseless violence. How many is too many? When is enough finally enough? The time for action is long overdue.
.@DianneFeinstein has broken down barriers her entire career, and she continues to be an inspiration and advocate for women in the Senate. We need her voice and vote more than ever, so I hope you’ll rush $5 or more to make sure she wins her primary: https://t.co/dFJ1iTOpws
.@tanziefornj is a former teacher and Blue Star Mother running in #NJ02 to fight for a more inclusive, progressive future. But she’s counting on supporters like you to raise enough ahead of her must-win Tuesday primary – will you send $5 to her campaign? https://t.co/gjJPnKFNXr
In #IA01, @Abby4Iowa is fighting for women’s rights, affordable education and quality health care. She needs a strong show of support from us to win this primary and keep fighting to become a powerful voice in Congress. Give just $5 to help Abby win! https://t.co/Q3LaFlCp2c
After nearly 20 years as an attorney taking on special interests, @katieporteroc is ready to bring that fight to Congress. We need her voice for working families, so donate just $5 right now to help her secure this critical #CA45 primary! https://t.co/LZvRpITB1C
In #CA39, @DocTran2018 is running to protect the values and opportunities that allowed her to overcome tremendous odds as a child refugee in America. Will you make sure Mai has the resources she needs to win on Tuesday by giving $5 right now? https://t.co/qpHTtO4yiT
A record number of women are running for office this year! Here are just a few candidates with primaries on June 5 I want to make sure you know about – because raising your voice at the polls and electing these women candidates is exactly how we’ll change the future.
I’m still in. https://t.co/2IHSzgU0T2
Gun violence isn’t inevitable or untouchable. We can overcome it, but it’ll take all of us raising our voices again and again and again, today and every day. Please keep speaking out. #WearOrange
“The first step is telling the truth—the next step is changing the system.”

@GretchenCarlson writes about last week’s forced arbitration ruling in the Supreme Court, what it means for the #MeToo movement, and how we can fight back. https://t.co/1rUspRrfhW
Each day, the incredible leaders and fighters of our LGBTQ communities inspire us all with their strength, their love, and their countless acts of courage. 

You have so much to be proud of, and I'm proud to celebrate and fight alongside you. Happy #PrideMonth! 🏳️‍🌈
Major General Bannister was an exceptional leader who dedicated his entire life to this country. His legacy will not be forgotten. My deepest condolences go out to his family and to the Fort Drum and 10th Mountain Division community. https://t.co/GCUtympDqw
I hope you’ll read this. Veteran Alonzo Neese, a gun owner and former NRA member, shares why he’s joining the fight against the gun lobby. 

Alonzo, thank you for your service—and for lending your voice to the movement for common-sense gun laws. https://t.co/0xjC86s8gi
Workplace harassment is clearly a drag on our economy, but we don't know by how much, in part because @BLS_gov absurdly said that it's too “complex and costly” to compile data. I’m now asking @USGAO for information. I'll keep fighting to get this data. 

https://t.co/g2cJ9pN6QW
If you believe as fiercely as I do that America is better than ripping children from the arms of asylum seekers, we need to show it. Send support to organizations providing legal aid and other assistance to families suffering these injustices: https://t.co/ckx09bja3V
Children are being ripped from the arms of their mothers at our southern border because of policy made and implemented by the Trump administration. This is who we are until enough of us speak out to demand better.
When mothers came to our southern border desperate for help, they expected to meet the America the world believes in: one that opens its arms to those in need. Instead, they’re having their children ripped from their arms. We need to fight every day to regain our conscience.
No way, @LACaldwellDC. Team Congress is ready to play and ready to WIN! https://t.co/KvktpvPvcm
While many try to deride and undermine our unions, the truth is, unions are leading the fight to reward work, for every worker. If we want to rebuild the middle class with good wages, safe jobs, &amp; retirement and healthcare benefits, we should look to them. https://t.co/vOoxngFsWb
Thanks to all who are working so hard to ensure the @Sept11Memorial recognizes the responders and survivors still suffering from 9/11 related illnesses—and all those we have lost since 9/11. It is crucial for the whole story of 9/11 to be told. This is a great step forward. https://t.co/WILB86AXoe
This new report demands answers from the federal government about what happened to our fellow citizens in crisis. https://t.co/4RcVNJANT7
On this day in 1851, abolitionist Sojourner Truth stood up to demand equal rights for all women and for black Americans in her famous ‘Ain’t I A Woman’ speech, showing this generation of activists that a single voice has the power to make a difference. https://t.co/QfwM4eomE6
Please watch my friend @ValerieJarrett respond to yet another example of everyday racism. As allies in this fight, it's our responsibility to call out racism and bigotry wherever and whenever we might see it. https://t.co/zVgSg8nXew
Today, on Memorial Day, as we spend time with family and friends, we honor the women and men in uniform who gave their lives to protect us. We’re grateful today and every day to those who have served.
.@AbbyWambach shared some incredible wisdom with the women of @BarnardCollege's graduating class (and with all of us): 

Make failure your fuel. Lead from the bench. Champion each other. Demand the ball. 

If you haven't watched this speech yet, you must! https://t.co/UMxGH5H1kC
Justice Ginsburg is right: The Supreme Court’s ruling on forced arbitration is “egregiously wrong” and undermines workers’ well-being. We need to raise our voices together and demand Congress restore workers' rights to hold their employers accountable. https://t.co/YTw6xOjqTv
The Trump administration's domestic gag rule should enrage us all. I’m tired of the relentless attempts to roll back women's access to health care. #NoGagRule
This administration’s immigration policies are heartless and infuriating. Congress must immediately demand accountability and transparency to safeguard against future abuses. ICE must cease splitting families at the border. America is better than this, and we need to show it.
Progress seldom comes fast, and it’s never easy. But when we come together to fight for our rights, we have the capacity to change. We have the capacity to become more fair and just and recognize the values of every person.
I am in awe of what the fearless women of Ireland accomplished yesterday. They activated and organized for years to fight for the right to make decisions about their own bodies, and yesterday, the country voted to #RepealThe8th.
I need my friend @kyrstensinema by my side in the Senate to defend our values and take our country forward, never backward. But she’s running in Arizona against the racist, misogynistic Joe Arpaio. Will you donate now to help her flip this red seat blue? https://t.co/iikUSyRQfL
While you weren’t looking, President Trump quietly moved to undermine public sector unions and the rights of our federal workers. https://t.co/owhnz6YxTz
In a blatant attack on women’s reproductive rights, the Trump administration’s “gag rule” would go further than ever to undermine Roe v. Wade. That’s why I’m fighting back with a Senate resolution that opposes this horrible policy alongside @SenatorBaldwin and @PattyMurray. https://t.co/kNwFuV7prT
🙋🏼‍♀️ https://t.co/sjpEH4Iai5
We will not stay silent. Women will lead the charge against Trump's harmful domestic gag rule. Today, in the Senate, I'm proud to join @PattyMurray and @SenatorBaldwin on a resolution to fight back against one of the most harmful attacks yet on women’s reproductive health.
The new domestic "gag rule" is another attempt by the Trump administration to take away women's access to critical health care, that will deprive them of the right to make their own health care choices. 

If you are enraged, speak out. It's more important than ever. #NoGagRule
These reforms are commonsense—and I'm optimistic that we can finish the job and get this bill signed into law. 

Until then, do not remain silent. Let’s keep fighting for change in workplaces across the country.
The Senate just passed bipartisan reforms to fix Congress's broken process for reporting sexual harassment, and finally end taxpayer-funded harassment settlements. This is a big step in the right direction towards transparency and accountability.
Our troops sacrifice a great deal for the American people. They deserve our continued support. I was proud to work with my colleagues to secure another well-deserved pay raise for our service members. https://t.co/CuuYIGPjH1
Congress should focus on rewarding work and protecting families, not helping big banks make more money. https://t.co/x3G63tnSrq
In November, we have an incredible opportunity to take back the House and Senate, and we’ll need you and everyone you know to vote. Get registered at https://t.co/bpamSCzoTQ.
Throughout the primary season, women have run and women have won. Some incredible organizations have been by their sides. Check out @EmergeAmerica, @VoteRunLead, @runforsomething, @emilyslist, @HigherHeights and @getots, and help them elect more women!
.@AmyMcGrathKY once trailed by 47 points in her primary. Forty-seven. No matter the odds, if we run strong candidates who stand firm for a set of shared values, there’s nothing we can’t do.
Democrats are going into November behind candidates like @LucyWins2018, @LupeValdez, @staceyabrams and @ginaortizjones. Our party looks like the future. Women in leadership are the future.
We must remain focused on finishing this fight by passing this bill once it comes to the Senate floor. I hope you’ll keep raising your voice. Let’s hold members of Congress accountable, and make sure taxpayers are never again left with the tab for lawmakers’ harassment scandals.
Today, Senate leadership announced a bipartisan deal on legislation to address sexual harassment in Congress. This is such an important step toward finally ending a system that is designed to protect harassers in the halls of Congress.
.@realDonaldTrump, here are some more firsts for you: Record numbers of women are marching, speaking out, fighting back and running for office. And come November, we’re going to win back the House and Senate. https://t.co/rEvWTV9YI3
From the beginning of Amy’s race, @getots has been by her side. Now we need to help her bring it home. Can you make a donation of $5 or more now to help Amy start the general election with the money and momentum she needs to win? https://t.co/B2Hir6zkyh
Amy was the first woman in the Marine Corps to fly into combat in an F-18, and she went on to fly 89 missions in places like Iraq and Afghanistan. She’s already given so much to her country. With our support, she’s ready to give even more.
This is just the first step. We all have to come together now. Electing candidates like Amy is how we fight for a future that’s just and inclusive.
Congratulations to @AmyMcGrathKY on securing the Democratic nomination in KY-6. We’re ready to fight alongside you for victory and to take back the House in November.
Thrilled to help launch @voterunlead + @wework's #WomensLeadershipWorks partnership tonight. A great discussion with @AliciaMenendez. Thanks to all for having me! https://t.co/P3CTUqbRol
If you live in Texas, your vote in today’s primary runoff is so important. @ginaortizjones in #TX23, @mjhegar in #TX31 and @Lillian_Salerno in #TX32 are counting on your support. Women won big in Texas in March, and if we all come together today, we can do it again!
If you live in #GA06, or know someone who does, make sure you support @LucyWins2018 in today’s primary election! She’s a mother, businesswoman and social justice activist running to fight for families and make Georgia’s communities safer. Spread the word and vote for Lucy today!
.@AmyMcGrathKY has her primary election today. She’s running to continue a life of service to our country and fighting for women to have a seat at the table. Vote for Amy, and make sure everyone you know in #KY06 turns out for her. This is how we'll change this country.
If you live in GA, your vote for @staceyabrams for #GAGov is a vote for affordable childcare, an economic agenda to lift families out of poverty &amp; universal access to health care. If you know someone in GA, call them today and ask them to go vote. We can win if we come together. https://t.co/o7GPhVrriY
There are incredible women candidates on ballots across the country today, in primaries and in runoffs. Over the next hour, I’m going to share information on some races critical to taking back the House. If you live in GA, AR, TX or KY, make your voice heard and vote today!
Last week, I sat down with @Kasie to discuss our fight to reform the way Congress handles sexual harassment. I'm hopeful that we are able finish what we started, so that taxpayers no longer have to foot the bill for politicans' sexual harassment scandals. https://t.co/2M7Xic37hx
So impressed by the teams at @IceStoneLLC and Brooklyn Stone and Tile. Not only do they bring quality manufacturing jobs to Brooklyn, they're also employee owned and choose to invest in their workers. Enjoyed my tour of the facilities today with @NydiaVelazquez. https://t.co/19gxBuZZLg
Dana Baiocco has spent her career helping companies avoid responsibility for making harmful products. Why on earth should she sit on the Consumer Product Safety Commission? Today, the Senate votes on her nomination. I'm voting NO, and hope you'll speak out too.
This decision could have devastating consequences for workers, who might now be forced to choose between keeping their jobs and pursuing justice over discrimination or sexual harassment cases. https://t.co/3giohwbV7I
Yesterday, I had a fanatstic coffee meeting @SylviasSoulFood with @SheenaWrightNYC of @unitedwaynyc! Thanks to all who popped over to say hi! https://t.co/gUi77f1xp7
I draw inspiration from trailblazing women who shaped our country’s history. Their stories are as relevant today as ever. I wrote a children’s book about 10 women who fought for what’s right and taught each generation that followed to be bold and brave: https://t.co/knUPqVhihg https://t.co/F1Nz6HFiXN
Lucy is facing a tough primary fight on Tuesday, and we need to send her our urgent support! Will you donate $5 right now to help Lucy take this fight to Washington? https://t.co/PJyyTDdBgL
.@LucyWins2018 is a mother, wife, businesswoman and social justice activist fighting to flip #GA06 blue in November! She’s running to end the senseless gun violence against young black men in this country that took the life of her son over five years ago.
But just days ago the Trump admin decided to eliminate a program that protects graduates from predatory student loan practices. Today in NYC, I’m calling for new oversight to protect students, and for policies that will help reduce debt for our graduates, not hold them back.
It’s graduation season! As we congratulate all who are finishing up school this year, here’s my wish for our college graduates: For Congress to solve the student debt crisis that is creating tremendous hardship for an entire generation of young people.
I’ve been on the campaign trail with young kids, and I couldn’t have juggled those long days and late nights without childcare. This decision tears down a huge financial barrier for parents – especially mothers – thinking about getting #OffTheSidelines. https://t.co/i3R6ocFcHV
If we’re going to change our politics, we need to change who our leaders are. @staceyabrams is the kind of leader we need. But she’s in the final push in her Georgia governor’s primary. Can you give now to help her reach every voter she needs to win?
https://t.co/7rVUjZnRkn
I still don’t understand how lawmakers in this country continue to think that it’s their job to tell women what to do with their health care.
Heartbreaking, unbearable news out of Santa Fe, TX, the latest community to be torn apart by a horrific school shooting. How many more families and communities must grieve? Enough is enough.
This is an attack on Planned Parenthood. It’s an attack on choice. It’s an attack on women’s rights.

Women’s health is not a political bargaining chip. Period. We have to raise our voices like never before to defend the right to choose and stand with @PPact. https://t.co/FFmaqvMXKg
No need to look too far! We have a great bill you could support. The #FAMILYAct would allow every American worker up to 12 weeks of paid leave to care for a new child, a sick family member, or a personal medical emergency, for the cost of a cup of coffee a week. https://t.co/s6kA2WTGiw
Someone who refuses to say torture is immoral, and who was engaged in destroying evidence of torture, should not be running the CIA. 

For that reason, I voted NO on Gina Haspel's nomination today.
The House passed reform 100 days ago. It is long past time for the Senate to act. There is no reasonable excuse for our inaction. https://t.co/Gi0zQQiWOJ
On the one-year anniversary of the Mueller investigation’s start, I’m renewing my call for the Senate to put a bipartisan bill on the floor to protect the special counsel. We can’t allow this president to put himself above the rule of law.
I often tell people that on a good day, Congress is still 20 years behind the rest of the country. It is in our power, right now, to make sexual harassment the exception to that rule. We’ve waited 100 days. Let’s not wait any longer.
The more time that goes by without addressing this broken system, the more people suffer. Passing reform would show that Congress is finally taking this problem seriously—and in the Senate, members of both parties want to get this done. 

All we need is the chance to vote.
I’ve been trying to work with anyone willing to work with me to pass meaningful reform. My bill, the Congressional Harassment Reform Act, would make sure lawmakers pay for their own harassment settlements—and it would fix our broken process for reporting harassment in Congress.
Every wasted day leaves those who've experienced harassment trapped in a broken system designed to keep them from coming forward. Meanwhile, taxpayers are stuck paying the tab for the cost of politicians’ harassment settlements.
100 days ago, the House unanimously passed a bipartisan bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. As of today, the Senate has yet to bring this up for a vote. Nothing has moved.
They each have a long race and tough fights ahead of them, and they need our support every step of the way between now and November to flip the House blue. Will you give $5 to help these four women fight to change the face of Congress? https://t.co/OmYD7ilyuD
They are stepping forward to fight for a seat at the decision-making table and give a voice to the issues that matter most to women. Democrats must pick up 23 seats across the country to take back the House, and getting these women elected in PA is the key to making it happen.
Congratulations to the four women candidates for Congress in PA on their victories in last night’s primary! @mad4pa, @marygayscanlon, @HoulahanForPa and @wildforcongress will make this PA’s last year without a woman in its congressional delegation.
“The Senate still hasn’t taken action.” I’ve been tweeting this, day after day, as the Senate fails to make sure members of Congress who commit sexual harassment are held accountable. We must demand taxpayers never again foot the bill for a politician’s scandal settlement. https://t.co/IwHPMnrBZZ
Wonderful news! The Senate just voted to reverse the @FCC's rollback of #NetNeutrality. Now, it's up to the House to do the right thing. Thank you for speaking up, and keep making yourself heard as we continue fighting for a free and open internet.
The Senate votes TODAY to restore #NetNeutrality, but the vote will be close. It's up to us all to fight, because to attack net neutrality is to attack free speech. Don't stay silent: Make your voice heard, right now, to help save the internet as we know it.
It has been 99 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action. 

Taxpayers should never have to pay for politicians’ sexual harassment settlements. This should be something we all agree on. https://t.co/UJLo1ZYNHY
In the richest country in the world, we don’t have to settle for unemployment and underemployment. We can help create jobs that shift power back to workers and our communities – we just have to fight for it. https://t.co/K8VygXaA0S
Our dairy farmers are losing money on every pound of milk they produce, no matter how hard they work. This crisis is right in our own backyard—and it’s time to solve it, now. https://t.co/lhfIP6CBD1
An honor to speak at @amprog's 2018 Ideas Conference, and to discuss all of the ways women are leading the resistance with an amazing panel of women leaders @MariaTeresa1 @FGossGraves @cecilerichards @jmpalmieri! https://t.co/h8fgtkFko0
It has been 98 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action.
Outrageous. In fear of a "public relations nightmare," the White House and @EPAScottPruitt are failing to protect public health. Victims of PFOA and PFOS contamination, and their families, deserve answers. This report should be released immediately. https://t.co/mFGKjN6575
In Utica today with local business owners to discuss a bill I've been championing, the Microloan Modernization Act. The bill, which makes it easier for minority and women small business owners to access capital, will soon be heading to the Senate floor for a vote! https://t.co/cds4uM4oHX
It has been 97 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action.

Speak out today. Call on the Senate to finally pass a bill to require politicians to pay for their own sexual harassment settlements.
It has been 96 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action.
As a working mom and a lawmaker, Mother's Day for me raises the question of whether we as a country value women every day of the year. If you look at the landscape for working mothers in America, we can do much better. I wrote more for the @NYDailyNews: https://t.co/JQ5dwaLApU
There are tough fights ahead for a fairer and more equal future, but I know my mother wouldn’t flinch at them. We won’t, either. Happy Mother’s Day to the strongest women out there.
That’s why this Mother’s Day, I’m reflecting on my mom’s sacrifices and on all the work we need to do so women don’t have to sacrifice so much. We need to pass paid family leave, end the gender pay gap and ensure every woman has access to quality and affordable health care.
For as long as I can remember, I’ve wanted to be like my mom. Her endless hard work – in the face of the same obstacles and sexism still holding women back – keeps me fighting every day. https://t.co/Jopp29m9RZ
Gwen Graham is a true champion for progressive values, who cares deeply about people over politics. I'd be so glad to see her in the Florida governor's office. https://t.co/sxXZx6sVD0
It has been 95 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action.
There is something so backward, so wrong, when black women are 3-4 times more likely to die from avoidable pregnancy-related complications. 

If we truly care about valuing women, and by that I mean valuing all women, then we must address this shocking maternal mortality crisis. https://t.co/e2hDChxtWu
I’ve introduced legislation to increase transparency and accountability for the actions of our border patrol agents. Keeping our country safe shouldn’t come at a cost to basic constitutional rights. https://t.co/OirPQB2Oxz
It has been 94 days since the House passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action. 

I want your thoughts: Should the Senate pass a bipartisan bill to require politicians to pay for their own sexual harassment settlements?
Every day, teachers give their all to help our kids succeed. This #TeacherAppreciationWeek, it’s not enough to thank them – we need to stand by their sides in the fight for fair pay and more resources for their students and their classrooms. Anything less shortchanges our future.
Some very exciting news this week: The House passed a bill, the Main Street Employee Ownership Act, that would support small businesses that invest in and reward their workers through employee ownership. I look forward to fighting to get my companion bill passed in the Senate. https://t.co/C2UH8sGry6
We’re live! I’m joining @Tiffany_Muller of @StopBigMoney to talk about the fight to reform our broken campaign finance system and my corporate PAC pledge for 2018. Join us (and stay for the money in politics trivia game!): https://t.co/weJY0fKQ19
It has been 93 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action.
We must keep fighting until justice is possible. Let’s keep listening to survivors, believing their stories and working alongside them for a system of justice worthy of their service. https://t.co/F0EIb2yVKP
Every worker should have a voice, and the right to join together to fight for the pay and protections they deserve. That’s why we need strong unions. I was proud to join @BernieSanders to intro the Workplace Democracy Act to strengthen the rights of more workers to unionize. https://t.co/rHQBSND5m8
Soon, the Senate will vote on a resolution to try to save #NetNeutrality, but my colleagues and I need one more vote to pass it. It's time for us all to make our voices heard for a free and open internet. Will you contact your Senators today?
It has been 92 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action.
When we’ve raised our voices loudly, when we’ve stood together against long odds, we’ve limited the damage done by this administration and Congress. We need to do it again now. An injustice against one of us is an injustice against all of us – especially when they go after kids.
.@washingtonpost says President Trump is proposing cuts to #CHIP and Obamacare to “temper conservative angst over ballooning budget deficits.” When donors want giveaways, they write blank checks – but when kids and families need help, they turn their backs.
After passing a $1.5 trillion tax cut that benefits the wealthiest Americans and the biggest, richest corporations the most, Republicans are moving on to their next act: a reprehensible plan to cut the Children’s Health Insurance Program.
It took years of coordinated international sanctions, coupled with diplomacy, to reach this deal. It's a mistake to think we can simply restart this process with a clean slate. I hope that other parties in the deal continue to abide by it, and I urge the president to reconsider.
Leaving the Iran Deal costs our country the ability to maintain a coalition to hold Iran accountable; and it severely undermines our country’s credibility. It’s especially troubling as the Trump Administration prepares to negotiate with North Korea.
By walking away from the Iran Deal, President Trump has made a shortsighted, dangerous mistake. The deal gave us the ability to aggressively monitor and verify Iran's behavior. This move only opens the door to Iran going back to developing a nuclear weapons program.
I sat down with @theskimm to talk about the Iran Deal, why it was such an important diplomatic breakthrough and why it's critical that the U.S. continues to enforce it: https://t.co/bawLR5HclG
It has been 91 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action.
The CIA's torture of detainees was wrong and un-American. Gina Haspel, President Trump's choice for CIA Director, played a role in the program and its eventual cover-up. She shouldn’t lead this agency, and I will oppose her nomination.
During Lent, I visited the @colbertlateshow. Here are some "confessions" I made while I was there... https://t.co/xBLQm88AIy
What a beautiful day to be in Saranac Lake! I joined the Adirondack North Country Association to talk about my bipartisan employee ownership legislation, and what it will take for our country to start rewarding work again. https://t.co/ux1sQwKMla
It has been 90 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action.
Women know the people and things we love are at risk. Every day, let's support one another in fighting for them.
We can change this country in November. We can come together behind commonsense reforms. We can stand up to the NRA and gun manufacturers – because our safety and lives are too important not to.
We need to keep up a relentless fight against the NRA. While the gun lobby is celebrating profits for gun manufacturers, I ask that you spend a little time researching the election in front of us and the candidates on the ballot ready to stand up to the NRA.
At the NRA convention, Vice President Mike Pence called the gun lobby “one of the most potent forces for good in the United States of America.” After all the tragedies families and communities have endured, this is unconscionable.
Marianne &amp; Lois lost their daughters in a tragic underride crash. Now, they're fighting hard for truck safety. I'm proud to work on their behalf, and for the thousands of families who have lost loved ones, to pass the Stop Underrides Act to help prevent these terrible accidents. https://t.co/d1YqABpecn
I joined @NTFP_Official, @PHInational &amp; CHCA to hear stories of New Yorkers who lack access to basic financial services. With few options, these families are left vulnerable to predatory banking, which hurts our communities. It's clear that solutions like Postal Banking can help. https://t.co/0vAfdUX9vy
This morning, I met with these remarkable women in the Bronx. They're relentless forces for positivity and change in their communities. They shared their priorities and their fights, and I can't wait to keep working with them. https://t.co/fH3hX2KKkh
I introduced the SNAP for KIDS Act to fight for the right of every child to have access to healthy food. We need to raise our voices: both to defeat the GOP Farm Bill and provide more support for kids and families who are counting on getting help when they need it.
When millions of children go to bed hungry each night and struggle to focus in schools because they haven’t had enough to eat, the last thing we should do is cut assistance. We should expand it.
There’s a hunger crisis in this country, and Republicans in Congress are determined to make it worse. Their Farm Bill would cut billions of dollars from nutrition assistance programs families rely on to put food on the table.
It was my honor to celebrate the resilient, creative &amp; hardworking @madeinnyc community. You’re showing the world that “Made in NYC” is one of the best labels a product can have. I will keep fighting alongside you to make sure manufacturing is prioritized and work is rewarded. https://t.co/hBcA3PAu88
I sat down with Jessica Lipps from @onMogul to discuss what gave me the courage to first run for office, how I balance being a mom and a senator, and what a record number of women running for office means for the future. https://t.co/Gb3GReU9hX
It’s time to tackle the root causes of economic injustice. We must summon the will to address the wealth inequality gap that has been built upon a history of exclusion. Let’s put our vision on the table, and fight hard for it, so that we can rebuild the middle class.
No one should be forced to go without lifesaving care because it’s not affordable. That’s why I’m fighting for Medicare for All. We need to keep raising our voices for a public option.
A former member of the Trump administration just admitted what we’ve known all along: They’ve increased the cost of health coverage. That means more families faced with heart-wrenching questions: Can I afford to be covered? Can I afford my child’s medicine?
Collecting important data would help to reveal the true scope of the costs of sexual harassment in the workplace. The Department of Labor's justification for not doing so is completely disappointing. https://t.co/VMJYwZ3Q33
The Senate must act now to protect Mueller's investigation. What on earth are we waiting for? No more excuses, let's vote on this the first day we are back in session. https://t.co/q5pUnDKi7U
Former HHS Sec. Price admitted that repealing the individual mandate will raise health coverage costs. It’s clearer than ever the GOP’s closed-door dealings had nothing to do with protecting families and everything to do with carving out giveaways to special interests and donors. https://t.co/i8YNt6Ed6e
It is sickening that some of the same people who were involved with underpaying survivors of Superstorm Sandy are still at it, and that FEMA is failing to protect its policyholders who need their help. FEMA should clean house, but it's also clear that FEMA will not fix itself. https://t.co/jS3BL3suhu
Over 80 days after the House unanimously passed a bipartisan bill to end taxpayer-paid settlements of sexual harassment cases by members of Congress, the Senate still hasn’t taken action. 

That needs to change. https://t.co/340I5Sy18k
For over 20 years, every Secretary of Defense has pledged zero tolerance for sexual assault in the military. They have failed at their mission. This new report from the Pentagon may come with new platitudes, but the end result is unchanged. https://t.co/8iDIUxR68h
Employee ownership is also good for business. Companies see an increase in productivity by 4 to 5% the year the business becomes employee-owned. They are less likely than comparable businesses to lay off workers in economic downturns, and they are less likely to go bankrupt.
Why is employee ownership such a good idea? It rewards work by: 

• Paying workers 5 to 12% more.
• Workers having 2.2x more in retirement savings.
• Giving workers greater job stability. https://t.co/LEc3cGsdac
Employee ownership is good for businesses, workers, and our local economy. Employee Stock Ownership Plans (ESOPs) and co-ops help workers share in the success of their companies, and they reduce the risk of businesses leaving communities.
Today, I'm traveling around Central NY and the Capital Region to talk about my bipartisan employee ownership legislation. This idea was inspired by the hardworking New Yorkers I met while visiting all 62 counties last year. https://t.co/LKR3VZzPLV
In my experience, the best ideas do not come from Washington. They’ve come straight from conversations with New Yorkers about their stories, about what works, what doesn’t work, and what meaningful change looks like. https://t.co/nQmv0axpwf
Sending my best wishes to @CecileRichards on her last day as president of @PPFA. #ThankYouCecile for your brilliance, your tenacity, and for all you've done to advance women's rights and expand access to reproductive healthcare. You inspire us all to keep fighting alongside you!
The evidence is all around. Secretary Mattis and the Department of Defense are twisting themselves into knots to fit a discriminatory policy based on a hateful tweet from the president. https://t.co/tOO8uIm4Fs
It’s so inspiring to think of all we could accomplish with more women in Congress. I wanted to make sure you’re following @getots to join me and a whole community organizing for just that: to get more women #OffTheSidelines and into office to shape our future.
Giving our underserved communities access to basic financial tools could empower them to build wealth for generations, and escape the poverty trap of predatory financial products. A postal bank would be a simple solution that would finally give everyone access to these services. https://t.co/TsBQNLH0Oq
In the year 2018, in the richest country on Earth, there should be no place for unemployment. And there should be no place for underemployment. No matter where you live. Period.
This corrosive ban on transgender service is nothing more than another ‘Don’t Ask Don’t Tell’ that will harm our nation’s military. https://t.co/hmXHJzWSOF
I loved getting to hear from so many New Yorkers over the last year as I visited all 62 counties. Hearing your stories inspires my work and helps shape my priorities. Can you reply now to share what’s important to you?
Happy birthday @CoryBooker! I hope you enjoyed your surprise party and the vegan carrot cupcakes! 🎉🎊 https://t.co/NVapsOcnue
Whether you accept the testimony of the 4 service chiefs or that of Sec. Mattis, it is clear that the DOD is twisting themselves into a knot to explain away this corrosive ban on transgender service. #ProtectTransTroops
That doesn’t add up. When I asked, none of them seemed unable to answer my questions. How can our service chiefs know nothing about an alleged problem that warrants taking away the right of brave Americans to serve our country?
Today, I asked Sec. Mattis about this testimony. He told me: “...it’s impossible for them to respond to you.” He claimed that they couldn't have known whether or not problems exist.
All 4 service chiefs from the Army, Navy, Air Force and Marines have testified to the Senate Armed Services Committee that they’ve seen no problems with unit cohesion, morale, or readiness in the U.S. military as a result of transgender service. https://t.co/HD1iqyT3Fp
Today is #5050Day, a global day of taking action toward a more gender-balanced world. Gender equality is an everybody issue: It matters in Congress, in our workplaces, in our schools and in our homes. I hope you’ll take a step toward #GettingTo5050!
Teachers across the country are demanding better for our kids. Let’s stand with them in their fight for fair pay and better resources for students. To the teachers walking out today: We hear you. We stand with you.
Teacher pay and per-pupil spending in Arizona are among the lowest in the nation. In Colorado, teacher pay is about $7,000 below the national average. Teachers are struggling to make ends meet, and students are without critical resources like current textbooks and supplies.
In the nine weeks since educators in West Virginia organized a walkout, a movement has sparked for adequate pay and critical classroom resources. Today, teachers in Arizona and Colorado raised their voices to rally for more funding.
It is such an honor to have your support, @SDNYC! Thank you for all that you do to advance equality in our communities. https://t.co/qvMbGmManJ
No one is above the law. The Senate Judiciary Committee made that clear today as it advanced a bill to protect the special counsel. We need to keep pressure on to demand a vote before the full Senate. https://t.co/Jo5NeW3BDp
I voted against Mike Pompeo. From his calls for America to leave the Iran Deal, to his extreme views on the LGBTQ community, women, and climate change, I'm concerned that, as Secretary of State, he will embolden some of the president's most dangerous instincts and policies.
All four military service chiefs have gone on record to say that transgender service has not impacted unit cohesion, discipline, or morale in the military. It’s clear that there’s no logical reason for this ban. Any qualified person who is willing to serve should be able to. https://t.co/om85eAFz8I
Sadly, communities of color in New York know all too well that this is true, and it's time to do something about it. That's why I'm fighting so hard to pass the Marijuana Justice Act. https://t.co/cPl5UPquss
When the wealthiest few can dictate policy through their political donations, our political system is broken. It’s a system I don’t accept, and it’s one I will fight.
We have to get dark money out of our politics. I’ve banned corporate PAC contributions to my campaign as a step toward fixing the soft corruption in Washington.
That’s why I’ve worked to increase transparency and accountability by posting my personal financial disclosures and tax returns, but we must do more.
Members of Congress should be accountable to constituents, not corporate donors. This is the kind of soft corruption and shameless behavior that undermines Americans’ confidence that their government truly works for them.
At a meeting with banking executives, Mulvaney urged them to donate to members of Congress and tell them to weaken the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau – the bureau Mulvaney is responsible for leading.
Mick Mulvaney just lifted the curtain on the corrosive influence of money in politics: a system where policy decisions are sold to the highest bidder. https://t.co/SpLiw34yOn
Financial services and payday lender lobbyists will fight this hard, but we need to fight harder. It's simple: we should put people above profit. Join this fight: Make sure your interests are represented in Congress and raise your voice.
This is a simple solution to a problem facing every state in this country. In 2006, payday loans were so bad that Congress had to pass a law to ban them from preying on military service members. We should offer the same protections to everyone with an alternative to endless debt.
The federal government has backed financial institutions directly &amp; indirectly for decades with FDIC insurance, FHA backing, &amp; bailouts. But those “for profit” banks have left too many behind. It's time to close the gap—and this time, no one will get rich on the taxpayers dime.
And, most importantly, this bill will help many low-income workers begin to save and accumulate wealth, empowering our underserved communities to build financial success for generations.
The Post Office has 30,000 locations across the country, making this an efficient and elegant solution for the millions of “unbanked” and "underbanked" in communities with no options. This bill will cost taxpayers nothing, and will also strengthen the Post Office's finances.
Payday lending traps compound the financial struggles of many hardworking people who are struggling to get by. It makes it expensive to be poor. A simple short-term $50 loan to pay a utility bill or repair a car could end up costing 400% more to repay in just two weeks!
This idea could wipe out the predatory practices of the payday loan industry overnight by providing an accessible and low cost alternative.
Today, I am introducing a Postal Banking Act to give everyone access to basic banking services like checking and interest earning savings accounts, small dollar loans, and transaction services like debit cards and cash machines.
Millions of Americans have fallen victim to predatory payday loans. Here is how we can break this vicious cycle: https://t.co/SDXFb0Hoiq
A little rain can't stop our softball practice this morning. We're ready to go this year. So is Henry! cc: @CWSoftballGame https://t.co/PvesvP1zuA
Congratulations, @Shelley4Senate, for a big and well-deserved victory in #SD37! I'm looking forward to another big night in November for New York Democrats.
I’m introducing the SNAP for KIDS Act because when we know kids are going to bed hungry, we have a moral obligation to act. This shouldn’t be a partisan issue, so I urge my colleagues in Congress to act to make sure every child has enough to eat. https://t.co/156elux7nD
This past weekend, I led a roundtable with @TishJames and hunger advocates from across New York City to discuss how New Yorkers can fight back against Republican attempts to cut SNAP food assistance. Grateful to all who shared their stories. https://t.co/0jI364swMt
The Senate shouldn't allow someone who has called for America to leave the Iran Deal to become our nation's top diplomat. That would send a terrible signal to the world. 

Let's keep up the pressure against Mike Pompeo's nomination to lead the State Department. #StopPompeo
Now is the time for big, bold ideas to fix our economy and put power back in the hands of our workers and communities. We can’t tinker at the margins any longer. https://t.co/73BlBlfSjE
Duncan’s ideas are outside the mainstream. He should not be confirmed, and I need you to reach out to your senators now to let them know you oppose his appointment.
Duncan defended a discriminatory voting law that a federal court said “target[ed] African Americans with almost surgical precision.”
When a Virginia school board tried to deny a transgender student’s right to use the bathroom consistent with his identity, Duncan was the school board’s representative.
On so many issues, Duncan has pushed for discriminatory, cruel policies. He was the lead counsel on the Hobby Lobby case to deny women access to birth control.
The Senate is preparing to vote on the nomination of Kyle Duncan to a lifetime seat on the federal bench. Who is Kyle Duncan, this man they’re rushing to confirm? The short version is: He’s an unfit ideologue.
We need to end the federal prohibition and ensure marijuana is available to anyone who needs it. Criminalization has to end. https://t.co/WYnhh4fkfK
I’m cosponsoring the Marijuana Justice Act with @CoryBooker and @SenSanders because we need to come together and raise our voices for a system that is fairer and more equitable.
Black and Latino New Yorkers are almost 10 times more likely to be arrested for the possession of marijuana than their white neighbors – though usage rates are about the same.
Our approach to policing marijuana has failed. Unfair laws continue to rob people and families of job opportunities, time with their loved ones and even their futures.
The first step to tackling the problems facing our planet is by standing together and raising our voices. We will not be ignored. This #EarthDay, let’s unite to preserve and protect the only home we have – not just for us, but for our children and their children.
New York families are already dealing with the impacts of climate change. I think about New York’s coastal communities, which could face sea levels up to 2.5 feet higher by 2050. Or about more families facing Lyme disease as climate change encourages the spread of ticks.
The evidence of climate change is all around us, from superstorms to intense heat waves, but many in the Trump administration refuse to see what’s in front of their faces. And their denial is endangering our kids’ future.
Separating babies from their mothers as a tactic to intimidate immigrants seeking asylum is wrong. Punishing mothers for trying to save their child's life is inhumane. These disgusting practices should be against the law. https://t.co/YoUxVrrR2v
Let’s send the powerful message that no Republican seat is safe from our renewed activism. No amount of dark money flooding into races can withstand our grassroots power. Send your support, even just $5, to help Hiral win this critical race: https://t.co/pkYaj5VpkK
I know we can turn this key district blue and elect Hiral to fight for families, health care and women’s rights – but the GOP’s wealthy donors are rushing to funnel money against her right now.
On Tuesday, @hiral4congress will be in a key special election in #AZ08: a district Trump won by 20+ points. But our #BlueWave is closing gaps in ways we never thought possible – and proving we CAN take back the House in November.
Regardless of race, religion, cultural identity or anything else, an injustice against one of us is an injustice against all of us. So together, let’s keep working together for a better, fairer, more just world.
Thank you to everyone at @NationalAction and @TheRevAl for being fighters and leaders who speak truth to power every day. It was an honor to join you yesterday at #NANCONV2018 and continue the march toward progress. https://t.co/tIOuItp4C1
The students who led today's school walkout and rally in NYC are some of the most impressive advocates I’ve seen in my career. Their voices are changing the conversation about gun violence in this country, right before our eyes. I was proud to join them. #NYCsaysenough https://t.co/S1mFLNPijn
We cannot let Republicans in Congress ignore these students, turn the page and wait for everyone to move on. We need to keep weapons of war off our streets – now. We need to enforce universal background checks. We need to protect students.
On April 20, 1999, 12 students and one teacher were murdered at Columbine High School. Today, 19 years later, thousands of students across the country will join together in school walkouts to demand the action we’re still waiting on.
Black and Latino people in NYC are arrested at TEN times the rate of white people for virtually the same rate of marijuana usage. Along with @CoryBooker and @SenSanders, I’m cosponsoring a bill to legalize and decriminalize marijuana. Raise your voices and join us in this fight.
Congratulations, Terence, and best wishes for the journey ahead. I know your father would be so proud. https://t.co/FL3AlP7tJR
You can have both. The FAMILY Act would offer universal paid family leave without making you mortgage your Social Security. https://t.co/QPMUVBHs2b
It was such a joy to welcome Maile to the Senate floor today! https://t.co/AGeyX6Rh8E
What a beautiful, heart-wrenching letter from @AdyBarkan to his son. We owe it to both of them to carry on our fight to protect health care for every American. 

Hope to see you at the polls in November. https://t.co/SanIo0Pw8n
The Senate has no more excuses. We must pass these reforms before our next recess. Members of BOTH parties, men and women, agree that it’s time to act. https://t.co/vSr7sew5KN
New York just opened up the ballot box for an upward of 35,000 people by restoring voting rights to parolees. Those who have paid their debts deserve a second chance and full voting rights—it’s the right thing for our democracy. I’m proud our state will help lead the way on this.
Deeply troubled by this report from Rome, NY. ICE officers should not be allowed to raid private property without a warrant. There must be an immediate investigation into what happened here. https://t.co/0eBEDAUQV8
The second largest blackout in world history, on U.S. soil. Our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico are facing a crisis, and Congress hasn’t done nearly enough to help them recover and rebuild after Hurricane Maria. We must act now. https://t.co/LxEIkOee1Y
This shouldn’t be a partisan issue. Our kids need healthy, nutritious, fresh food. https://t.co/p6REzi42Bo
We should be recommitting to policies that root out racial discrimination, but the Senate just passed a bill that undermines the ability of the @CFPB to protect against racial and ethnic discrimination in auto lending. A terrible idea for consumers.
I talked to @GQMagazine about a conversation I had with my son after the president attacked me on Twitter, why I’ll always speak out against sexual assault, and the incredible women pioneers whose stories I can’t get enough of: https://t.co/MGrjkUCt4k https://t.co/Hb3hDol8xc
First Lady Barbara Bush was a remarkable, passionate public servant who represented our country with the utmost grace and dignity. Sending my condolences and prayers to the entire Bush family.
We face an uphill battle in this Congress and with this White House, so I’ll need you to raise your voices to demand justice. We can’t rest while millions of kids go to bed at night on empty stomachs. We can pass legislation to tackle the hunger crisis, and we must.
It breaks my heart to think of girls and boys coming home from school and finding nothing for them to eat. Ending hunger is a moral issue, and it’s something all of us need to fight for.
Let’s say it together, and let’s say it loud: We should help make sure more families and children can eat, not less.
Republicans and President Trump are going the wrong direction. House Republicans just released a plan that could kick millions of households off of the current SNAP program.
If there’s one thing we should all agree on, it’s this: Every kid should have healthy, nutritious and fresh food. I’m introducing legislation, called the SNAP for Kids Act, to expand nutrition assistance to families who need it.
If Republicans could give $1.5 trillion in tax cuts to corporations and the wealthiest among us, why can’t we invest a similar amount in a guaranteed jobs plan for regular Americans who are unemployed and willing to work to better their local community?
This remains one of my top priorities. Today, on tax day, I posted my state and federal tax returns online, alongside my returns for every year I have served in Congress. Would be nice if the president would hold himself to the same standard.
Every elected leader should commit to transparency and accountability. I was proud to be the first member of Congress to post my personal financial disclosures, earmark requests, and official daily meetings online.
As more teachers organize and raise their voices, they need to hear from us. Let’s tell teachers now: We’re with you. Stay with it, and stay together. And thank you for caring for our kids and their futures as you do for your own.
The Colorado Education Association found that teachers spend an average of $656 from their own pockets, each year, to make sure their students have what they need. This is the wrong way to fund our kids’ education.
Colorado teachers walked out today. Teacher pay in that state ranks 46th in the country. Educators are paid about $7,000 less than the national average. This can’t be how we treat people who dedicate their lives to our shared future.
When these teachers speak out, they’re fighting for all of us – especially our kids. They’re asking for the chance to focus their energy on giving students the best education possible. We need to stand with them.
There’s a movement growing across this country, from West Virginia to Oklahoma and Arizona to Kentucky, and now in Colorado. Educators are raising their voices for fair pay and adequate resources to help their students succeed.
I’m calling on my colleagues to reform how Washington handles sexual assault and harassment. If we can’t clean up our own act, how can anyone expect Congress to do the right thing for survivors in the rest of the country? https://t.co/nhvB7UigZe
With no discussion of strategy and consequences, which could be significant, I do not support this decision.
Assad’s use of chemical weapons against his own people was evil. However, President Trump has no legal basis for this strike. He does not have an authorization for the use of military force against Syria by Congress.
I was honored to share a stage with so many incredible women at the @Variety #PowerofWomen luncheon! Standing with these inspiring honorees was a vivid example of what I’m reminded of every day: Women are a relentless force for progress. And we are changing the world. https://t.co/6eZWIdB41Y
23 women in the Senate is simply not enough. That's why I was so glad to join forces with @LisaMurkowski at #WITW to discuss why it's so important to elect more women! So inspiring to be around some amazing women leaders and change-makers. https://t.co/MR0zCveCzO
Another look at our first Congressional Women’s Softball practice! If you ask me, I think @SenJoniErnst just might be the secret to our win this year. https://t.co/Rs2Nz2QVY0
Thrilled to join my friend @LisaMurkowski and many remarkable women changemakers at the #WITW summit this afternoon! You can watch our panel (and the whole event) live here: https://t.co/DCH68CqC5z https://t.co/gfNC3VBp6K
The latest example of Washington’s soft corruption and revolving door. A coal lobbyist should have no place inside the EPA, and certainly not as second in command. https://t.co/EmyHzlJSbS
I'm so honored to get to introduce these amazing women at tomorrow’s #PowerofWomen event in New York City! https://t.co/5eNL380BAm
Brown v. Board of Education was a unanimous decision by the Supreme Court to outlaw segregation in schools. This shouldn't be a "difficult area" of agreement. https://t.co/bEEPhShm1m
The delayed response by NYSEG and RG&amp;E to last week’s windstorm is unacceptable. Our electric utilities must stop dragging their feet and prioritize improving their response to customers across New York State who’ve lost power. https://t.co/SkD1tQffIY
Who’s going to tell them?

This is EXACTLY why I hope you’ll support the incredible number of women and people of color running for office this November. https://t.co/xZ1dMWECbf https://t.co/0sZ8sacjuM
Contact your elected officials today and demand they protect the integrity of Mueller’s investigation – and ask your friends to do the same. For our country and our democracy, we all need to speak out.
This investigation must be allowed to continue. If crimes were committed, the people responsible must be held accountable, period.
We cannot let this president undermine the rule of law and attack our democracy to protect himself, his inner circle and his business interests. It’s up to all of us to fight back.
My colleagues on both sides of the aisle and I are demanding a vote on a bill to protect Mueller’s investigation. In this moment of uncertainty, I need you to make your voice heard.
As President Trump reportedly edges toward firing special counsel Robert Mueller, we need legislation that makes it clear: The president is not above the law.
Today, on Yom HaShoah, we remember the 6 million Jews who perished in the Holocaust at the hands of Nazis. As we commemorate 75 years since the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising, let us all continue to stand strong against all forms of hate and intolerance.
His extreme views on torture, climate change, women, and the LGBTQ community are unacceptable for our nation's top diplomat and do not reflect our American values overseas.
It's a mistake to confirm a Secretary of State who has supported the president's threats to leave the Iran Deal—an action that would destabilize an already unstable region and make it harder to negotiate with North Korea.
I voted against Mike Pompeo to be the CIA Director because he was a bad pick for the job. He is an even worse choice to be our top diplomat, especially right now with the challenges we face around the world.
Happy (cold) spring! It was so great to be out this morning for the first Congressional Women's Softball practice of the year. https://t.co/AYTSkvuk42
Mueller must be allowed to continue his investigation into Russian interference in our democracy. The Senate needs to step up to this moment and put the bipartisan bills to protect his investigation on the floor now for a vote.
Women and families experience the injustice of gender-based pay discrimination when they’re paying their bills and planning their futures. It’s past time we achieve equal pay for equal work – no matter your gender, no matter your race, no matter what. #EqualPayDay https://t.co/zH6FBVUjX1
Gov. Scott has personally spent $86 million on his past races. So if you can help Sen. Nelson, I need you to send support now. We need him in the fights to come, and we all have to give to win this critical race: https://t.co/lU70CW0vQA
My colleague @SenBillNelson has always been a champion for families and seniors. We need his voice to defend Social Security and Medicare, protect women’s rights and care for our environment.
Rick Scott just announced he’s running for Senate in Florida. He’d be nothing but a rubber stamp for President Trump and his wealthy backers. And this race will be the key to taking back the Senate this November.
What a blessing! Welcome to the world, Maile Pearl. Wishing so much joy and happiness to @SenDuckworth, Bryan, and Abigail as they welcome their newest addition to the family. https://t.co/5f9bvJgXcm
If we keep coming together and raising our voices, our lights will shine bright. Change will come. We can make a better, brighter future for all of us.
I believe that there is right versus wrong, and for too long, it’s felt like wrong has been winning. But when I marched and sang with these powerful activists standing up to gun violence, I felt deep in my heart that goodness and decency would win out. https://t.co/taZzi2m3py
We have a president who lets the NRA dictate his gun policy and rigs the economy to favor the wealthiest few – and Republicans in Congress have fallen in line behind him. With so much of what we care about on the line, it's up to all of us to stand up for what's right.
Don’t ever stop speaking out, because our democracy only works when we raise our voices and demand that it works for us.
If we want to fix our economy, we need to start rewarding work again. That means paying workers enough so they can care for their families and save for retirement. And making sure our entrepreneurs have access to the capital they need to succeed.
Scott Pruitt shouldn't have been near the EPA in the first place. He has proved that while in office by violating the public trust and implementing a disastrous environmental policy designed to benefit the energy industry. He should step down. https://t.co/4kZdVF4ZPy
Yesterday another unarmed black man and another tragedy. This is happening too often. We need all the answers on Saheed Vassell being shot and killed with full transparency and accountability.
Rolling back emission standards undermines the global fight against climate change and threatens our children’s futures. Time and again, @EPAScottPruitt puts corporate profits ahead of his job to protect our environment. It’s wrong on every level. https://t.co/MsBB2Pdw1l
We again find ourselves in powerful days and challenging days. But your voices can lift us above the evils of racism and hate. So keep speaking up. Keep fighting for change. Together, we can honor Dr. King’s legacy in the light and love he left us. #MLK
His words delivered on that day 50 years ago ring as true as ever: “Let us rise up tonight with a greater readiness. Let us stand with a greater determination. And let us move on in these powerful days, these days of challenge to make America what it ought to be.”
Fifty years ago today, we lost a champion for equal rights. The day before his assassination, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. called on us to stand against apathy and hate. I look back on #IveBeenToTheMountaintop to sustain me in our ongoing fights for equality.
Every day, teachers give their all to lift up our kids. We must give our all to stand by their side. Keep up your fight, teachers. We’re with you.
To those of you who’ve taken a stand at your state capitols and in your communities – to those who’ve stood side by side with your colleagues to demand change: Thank you.
I fundamentally believe that one of the most important things we can do for our country’s future is invest in our kids. We need to do that now by investing in the women and men who spend their lives educating them.
Teachers give their nights and weekends, dig into their own pockets to buy supplies and care for our kids as if they were their own. On top of all that, they shouldn’t have to struggle just to get by.
Teachers have shared devastating stories of struggling to make ends meet, even as they educate our kids. We need to stand with them. We need to do better.
Across the country, educators are organizing and raising their voices to demand fair pay and better resources for their students. I will stand with them, and I hope you will, too.
It's time to give Dreamers a path to citizenship. They deserve to know their futures are secure in the country they call home. Make sure your members of Congress hear you. Speak out, tweet, organize and fight to keep Dreamers here, at home, where they belong.
When President Trump ended DACA, he took something basic from these young Dreamers. He took from them the opportunity to plan their tomorrows and accomplish their dreams. Dreamers are not a line item in a negotiation. They’re people who have made this country their home.
Together, we fought back against Republican attempts to take away health care from millions. We flooded the airports to protest the hateful muslim ban. And we demanded action on common-sense gun reform. 

If we keep this up, we can take back the House and Senate.
From my family to yours, Happy Easter to all who are celebrating! https://t.co/OmMXQJ2tVJ
On #TransDayOfVisibility, let’s renew our fight for the full equality of all transgender people. https://t.co/Gui9KTfGHj
You cannot discuss criminal justice reform without talking about decriminalizing marijuana. It is a moral and a social justice issue.
In the military, on a college campus, or in the halls of Congress, survivors of sexual assault and harassment are disbelieved, blamed, and even retaliated against.
 
This stops when we listen, believe them, and work to create a system where justice is possible.
Hiral’s up against her GOP opponent in a district Pres. Trump won by 20+ points, and her special election is coming up fast on 4/24. That’s why I hope I can count on you to send Hiral enough support to win and be a progressive voice for change in Congress: https://t.co/R8HcCKEdhf
.@hiral4congress is an emergency room doctor, a mom to three and a fierce advocate for our health care rights – and now, she’s #OffTheSidelines running for Congress in #AZ08.
The details may change, but the tragic story of Stephon Clark, an unarmed black man killed by 20 bullets in his own backyard, is a story that is all too common across America. We need a thorough investigation and accountability—and as a country, we need it now.
Chag sameach to our families and friends gathering for Passover. In a time of prayer and festivity for the Jewish community, let’s share in hope for a future of peace and religious freedom for all.
I need Kyrsten fighting alongside me in the Senate for women, for families and for our future. Will you donate to help her win this top-rated race that’s key to flipping the Senate for Democrats? https://t.co/CS4kC5f84F
I’m counting on you to help Kyrsten win. Her story is powerful: As a young girl, she lived in an abandoned gas station. She worked her way through college &amp; into Congress, pushed forward by a determination to help others the way her family was helped in their toughest time.
My friend @kyrstensinema is in a must-win race for Arizona’s Senate seat. And one of her GOP opponents? Racist, misogynistic former sheriff Joe Arpaio. The last thing we need is men like him making decisions about our future.
#TimesUp Congress. Elected leaders should be held to the highest standards and no longer should taxpayers be on the hook for politicians' harassment scandals. https://t.co/kqrkqYzZuv
Young people across the country have shown real courage by standing up to the NRA. In doing so, they've brought forth a pivotal moment in our fight to end gun violence. It is my sincere hope that my colleagues in Congress can be just as brave.
Every worker deserves the freedom to join a union! I’m so proud to support the @JetBlue inflight crew members and their right to organize as they vote to join @transportworker. 
https://t.co/pT6v9QlnUs
Dolores Huerta built the resistance and blazed a trail for the rights of immigrants, workers and women. We follow her trail when we raise our voices for those who are still not heard in the halls of power. Let’s elect more women and keep writing the future Dolores has fought for. https://t.co/wElQ68yng8
Congrats to @jmpalmieri for her empowering new book full of important life lessons for our daughters and sons, inside and outside of politics.
https://t.co/MbwhpWkTrb
Any qualified individual who is willing to serve in our military should not be denied that chance because of who they are. End of story. #ProtectTransTroops
This weekend, we marched. This November, we vote. You can carry the #MarchForOurLives message to the ballot box in November – so get educated now about the issues. Find candidates who’ll stand up to the NRA. And take a moment today to register to vote: https://t.co/bpamSCzoTQ
The march may be over, but this movement is not. Keep raising your voices. Call your lawmakers. Educate yourselves even further. Donate to organizations fighting for change. And in November, vote out the members of Congress who won’t stand up to the NRA.
And to my colleagues in Congress: It is our duty to listen to this next generation of leaders. We cannot let them down. It’s time for us to fight, harder than ever, to follow these students’ demands with real action to pass commonsense gun reforms.
Never let anyone silence you. You are a force to be reckoned with. Keep demanding what you know to be right. Keep letting your messages and stories shake the halls of Congress.
To those students who raised your voices at the #MarchForOurLives and bravely declared enough is enough: Your activism – the conviction and inclusivity of your messages – stirred hundreds of thousands across the country to stand up and speak out alongside you for real change.
Yesterday at the #MarchForOurLives, young people organized a movement unlike any other. It was such an honor to meet so many of you. Hearing your stories and seeing your activism made me more hopeful than ever for the future of our country. https://t.co/tUq9bHNXiV
Each day, transgender service members make honorable sacrifices to keep us safe and defend our democracy. The president's ban insults their service, hurts our military readiness, and violates our most deeply held values as Americans. I'll continue to fight for them.
We’re ready to #MarchForOurLives! I’m so proud to be here with my sons and so honored to join in on this movement created by incredible student activists. I’ll be sharing my experience throughout the day on my Instagram story – follow along at https://t.co/7lN9rK7l86 https://t.co/5vWFdptiaS
Today, New Yorkers commemorated the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire that took 146 lives, a tragedy that galvanized a movement to finally raise standards for our workers. Let's honor them by keeping up our fight for every worker to have fair wages and safe working conditions. https://t.co/wJerxXtoSH
Michael Davidson’s heroism and service will never be forgotten. My prayers are with his family and the entire FDNY community. https://t.co/r0KmybQ5ie
Are you going to #MarchForOurLives? Whether you’re marching in DC or in your community: Thank you for turning your demands into action. Thank you for saying enough is ENOUGH. Our steps together, millions strong, can churn up a wave of change – and I can’t wait to see you there. https://t.co/2EdnQIkFFb
Moving to see so many come together to remember Louise Slaughter’s life, unparalleled spirit, and dedicated service today in Rochester. It was an honor to serve alongside her. She will be greatly missed.
Use of military force should always be a last resort, not a first choice. John Bolton supported the disastrous invasion of Iraq and has supported proactively bombing Iran. I’m concerned his appointment as National Security Advisor will reinforce this president’s worst instincts.
If you’re headed to #MarchForOurLives in DC, will you let me know? I’ll be marching with my sons on Saturday, but I want to share a message in advance with anyone attending. Just text PROGRESS to 97779, and my team will send it right to your phone. https://t.co/bvtbX1h2Tw
Threats to women’s health care and reproductive rights are very real – and they aren’t going away unless we do everything we can to defeat them. As the Supreme Court considers whether or not to uphold the FACT Act, I joined @NARAL on the steps of the Supreme Court to speak out. https://t.co/1zQLf3z8hG
We need to keep up this fight – and push harder than ever before – to take back the House and win critical races up and down the ballot. So keep speaking out. Stay engaged in local elections. Volunteer your time to campaigns – and make sure you vote.
I want to thank @standwithsol and @Marie4Congress for getting #OffTheSidelines to run in tough races. They may not have won this time, but they elevated the conversation around issues that matter. They showed women and girls the fight is worth having if you believe in your cause.
Congratulations to @LUnderwood630, @BetsyforIL and @RobinLynneKelly on their primary wins in #IL! These major victories are just the beginning of the Democratic wave we can build in November.
Many of our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico still have no power #6MonthsAfterMaria. It is completely inexcusable that the Army Corps of Engineers is reducing the number of utility workers in Puerto Rico before their work is finished. https://t.co/ThPpqeaQUm
Congress’s response has been too little, too late. American families in Puerto Rico &amp; USVI need to know we haven’t forgotten them – that we won’t be satisfied until their communities are rebuilt and restored. Donate now to stand with our fellow citizens: https://t.co/JNtsMUm9yx
Today marks #6MonthsAfterMaria hit Puerto Rico &amp; the U.S. Virgin Islands – and they still haven't fully recovered. The headlines have moved on, but many of our fellow citizens are trying to survive without electricity or even homes.
Good. And if we would pass my bill, taxpayers wouldn’t be on the hook for his settlement next time. https://t.co/Tvkye3m0sN
4 in 10 congressional staff women believe sexual harassment is a problem on Capitol Hill, while 1 in 6 say they have been personally victimized. The House unanimously passed a bill to reform this. Shouldn't the Senate act too? 
https://t.co/BjcFjKcuvN
I’m calling on my colleagues to reform how Washington handles sexual assault and harassment. Right now, taxpayers are on the hook for the cost of politicians’ settlement payments, and the current process to report harassment discourages anyone from speaking up. Enough is enough. https://t.co/jmLlhKSs0J
I wrote to the Justice Department’s inspector general demanding a comprehensive investigation into the prosecution of child sex assault cases that occur on military bases. https://t.co/V7jp4JtYV7
Saddened to hear about the loss of four brave members of the New York Air Guard 106 Rescue Wing last week in Iraq. My heart goes out to their families, loved ones, and the whole community. https://t.co/VpcY4Z9eSu
In the wake of the tragic crash in New York City’s East River, I’m joining @SenSchumer to call for a thorough examination of how unsafe helicopter practices, like ‘doors off' helicopters and dangerous harness systems, ever received approval from the FAA. 
https://t.co/EghmC8A1Iu
We need Sol’s voice speaking up for equal pay, health care and immigrant rights in Congress. Can I count on you to make sure Sol can get her message to voters and win in #IL04? Click here to give $5 or more now: https://t.co/8FaHvrTPgy
But Sol’s primary is just days away, and her team is falling short of the funds they need to win this critical race with no time to spare.
.@standwithsol is running to be the first Latina ever to represent Illinois in Congress. As a powerful advocate for women, LGBTQ communities and people of color, she knows real change requires diverse voices at the table. And that’s exactly why we need hers in Congress.
Any attempt by President Trump to obstruct Mueller’s investigation is a line that should not be crossed. Many questions must still be answered about Russian interference in our democracy—and they must be answered without interference from the president.
If you’re reading this from #IL14, VOTE on Tuesday. And if you’re not, I’m still counting on your action: Will you give $5 to help Lauren win this critical race and break down barriers? https://t.co/CRVloJvjPt
Lauren’s a registered nurse who helped implement the Affordable Care Act. She’ll be a relentless force fighting for families and health care rights. But with only 4 days until her primary, we need to do our part to ensure Lauren has a seat at the table where decisions are made.
.@LUnderwood630 is running in a primary against six men to be the first black woman to represent #IL14 – a district that’s never elected anyone other than a white man. She is standing on the front lines of the resistance. https://t.co/ttI4Jvs2iO
.@LouiseSlaughter's unmatched kindness, fighting spirit, and deep commitment to our shared values inspired us all. Thinking of her family, loved ones, and the entire Rochester community. Louise, we will miss you terribly.
I hope you’ll learn more about my friend Ed’s inspiring daughter @anniepeavy, a para-equestrian athlete who has worked her heart out to become a national champion. She is now up for the James E. Sullivan award—you can vote for her by using the hashtag #Peavy4Sullivan! https://t.co/2Je47Vib73
To the woman who’s fearlessly dissented and defended; who calls on us to fight for progress; and who stands as a powerful advocate, role model and bright beacon for us all: Thank you, Justice Ginsburg, and happy birthday! https://t.co/YxDhP6wDVT
Looking forward to joining students at Cornell for an important conversation on workplace sexual harassment. https://t.co/ndj5L4Bgdy
Historically low milk prices are creating a crisis for New York’s farmers and rural communities. My new bill would ensure that farmers don’t go bankrupt every time prices drop. https://t.co/v3Vf63xDpS
My colleagues just voted to loosen regulations preventing another financial crisis &amp; bailout. Here's the thing: Republicans won't stop pushing dangerous policies to give breaks to big donors. It's on us to make our voices, the ones advocating for real American families, louder. https://t.co/yHiEqCnOQT
Did you hear? The Senate is on the verge of passing a bill that would roll back rules meant to protect every American—and our economy—from another financial crisis. I'm voting against it, and I hope you'll urge my colleagues to do the same. #DoddFrankRollback
Students and teachers across New York are coming together to say #NeverAgain and calling for action to end gun violence. https://t.co/nRY4uhd0C1
Proud of the students and teachers across the country taking part in today's #NationalSchoolWalkout. By raising your voices to say enough is enough, you're changing the conversation about gun violence. Keep speaking truth to power and demanding change. We're standing with you.
Last night, @ConorLambPA won in a district President Trump carried by nearly 20 points. This is our reminder that every single voice matters. Every single vote counts. Our fight is just beginning. Register to vote TODAY – and see you at the polls Nov. 6: https://t.co/bpamSCzoTQ
At this moment, 45 years after Roe v. Wade, when women's rights are under constant attack from the president and Republicans in Congress, @NARAL's leadership and advocacy are more important than ever. Thank you for your leadership, and for having me this evening! https://t.co/OLaku6qIcE
Every single dollar you give now makes a difference and goes directly to GOTV efforts to help Marie defeat her anti-choice opponent. Will you rush $5 or more? https://t.co/5fR0Qb0K1u
We need Marie's voice in Congress fighting for health care, women and our LGBTQ friends and family. But her campaign is running out of funds, and I need your help to make sure she doesn’t get silenced by anti-choice special interest spending.
My friend @Marie4Congress is running in #IL03 against a Democratic incumbent named Dan Lipinski. He’s anti-choice, anti-immigrant and anti-LGBTQ – and Marie’s primary is in exactly one week.
Providing the highest standard of care for our veterans is a solemn promise that should never be broken. This report has confirmed my fears of a pattern of subpar treatment of veterans at the Buffalo VA, and I'm urging immediate changes to protect them. https://t.co/RXuZ0mYh4a
A powerful piece that shines a light on what servers at restaurants across the country must endure "in pursuit of the $2 or $20 tip that will help buy groceries or pay the rent." https://t.co/YujU51Pw5u
Happy 106th birthday to the @GirlScouts! Thank you for your work in inspiring and empowering generations of girls to become leaders in their communities.
That includes universal pre-k and access to higher education for anyone willing to work for it—whether through vocational training, community college, or a 4 year degree. And we should pay teachers like the professionals they are, and treat them with the respect they deserve.
America cannot afford to shortchange the future. Instead of gutting our public schools, we should commit to building the best public education system in the world. https://t.co/lzkCiFHbsI
After winter storms Riley and Quinn, communities across the Hudson Valley are in need of immediate help. When asked, FEMA has a responsibility to help and move quickly.
https://t.co/jGLoxQBfG5
It is inexcusable that thousands of New Yorkers have been without power for over a week in the wake of winter storms Riley and Quinn. @SenSchumer and I are demanding answers from two of our state’s major power utility companies, Con Ed and NYSEG.
https://t.co/GUaHWLrIJN
Appalling. An officer accused of sexual misconduct should not have been assigned to work at an agency intended to prevent and respond to sexual abuse. This failure must be addressed. https://t.co/XjPG0VbogM
I’ll read your stories about a woman who inspires you and share back a few so that together, we can honor women’s powerful influence this month. Click this link to share your story directly with my team: https://t.co/RxZs2zuhmd
Because of my grandmother’s example, I knew as a little girl that I could dream to be in office, and that I could – and should – use my voice for change.
For #WomensHistoryMonth, I’d love to hear about a woman who has shaped who you are today. For me, it’s my grandmother Polly Noonan. She taught me to work hard and speak up – and that women belong in politics.
We need @Marie4Congress to win in #IL03 and be a voice and a vote for equality – but her anti-choice opponent is pulling ahead in this toss-up race. Her primary’s in just over a week, and she needs our help to stay ahead of billionaire Super PAC spending: https://t.co/pn8exOKtd1
Republicans are pushing hard this week to weaken the banking industry regulations protecting us from another recession and bank bailout. It’s a danger to working families. It’s a danger to our economy. And we have to speak out against this right away: https://t.co/2VCcr4Q6Xu
On this #InternationalWomensDay, I’m thinking of all of the trailblazing women activists who inspire our work today. They fought tirelessly. They never gave up, and neither can we. How will you commit to keeping up our fight? Let me know in a reply!
👍 It was such a pleasure to join @TheDemocrats for the #IWillVote gala. With so many battles left to fight in 2018, we cannot let up—we must dig in, advocate, organize, and vote. Will you make a commitment to vote this fall? https://t.co/PHRsglTlqF https://t.co/xdDsqyp6HW
Happy #InternationalWomensDay! Today, I’m proud to celebrate remarkable women around the world who are forces to be reckoned with; who are shaping our history, and writing the next chapter of the women’s movement.
Congratulations on your victories, @vgescobar and @SenatorSylvia! @getOTS and I are so proud to be part of your team and cannot wait to see you both make history in November. https://t.co/mwmFT96Bp0
It’s time for more women to get off the sidelines and run for office, because we need your unique voice. Believe in yourself. I do. You are the right candidate to make a difference – and I’ll do everything I can to make sure your voice is heard. https://t.co/7Wlqg77fHu
No girl should ever have to endure such brutal violence. https://t.co/4QGg8hZb8K
It was an honor to host this conversation with @SenatorCollins. Hauwa and Ya Kaka, thank you for sharing your stories and for calling on Congress to pay attention to the horrors still occurring in Nigeria. https://t.co/bIbWZz48pb
I’ll vote no on the dangerous bill being proposed, and I’m counting on you to speak up right away to demand senators keep these commonsense regulations on big banks in place. Let your senators know you’re watching. Show up. Spread the word. Don’t let them get away with it.
We can’t let this soft corruption go unchecked. And we can’t let Congress get away with putting taxpayers on the hook for the reckless dealings of the financial industry.
But now, Republicans are planning to vote to roll back those very regulations designed to protect every American – and our entire economy – from another crisis. Why? Because they’re indebted to special interest lobbyists and bending our government to cater to bank donors.
To make sure Wall Street’s recklessness and greed never harmed American families again, Congress and President Obama came together in 2010 to pass regulations on the biggest, wealthiest banks to help prevent another taxpayer bailout.
10 years after the financial collapse, big banks got bailed out and millions of hardworking Americans lost their jobs, savings and homes. It was the most devastating economic blow of our lifetime – and many families are still struggling to recover.
The soft corruption of Washington is on full display this week. At the top of Republicans’ priority list? Not gun control. Not Dreamers. But weakening banking industry regulations designed to protect our economy. It’s unfathomable.
This Trump administration proposal is completely misguided and wrong. The World Trade Center Health Program is an important part of our commitment to protect our 9/11 first responders, who’ve sacrificed so much for us. Let's not "fix" what isn't broken. https://t.co/4ot5Qam7qj
A heartbreaking video. Dreamers are important to our communities, and we must keep fighting for them as hard as we’d fight for our own families. https://t.co/xPDFsP3MZx
By ending DACA, President Trump created an avoidable crisis with very real impacts on our families and communities. He has the power to fix this problem today. Dreamers belong in this country and deserve to be part of our future. We must keep demanding action.
Shirley demanded her voice be heard, and it’s on us to make sure the world continues to listen. We owe it to the little girls of today and tomorrow to hold up her life as a reminder of what’s possible when you speak the truth and stand up for what’s right. #UnboughtandUnbossed
As a representative of #NY12 and the first African American woman elected to Congress, Shirley Chisholm changed history – and her fight changed the world. I’m thrilled to cosponsor @KamalaHarris and @RepYvetteClarke’s bill to place a statue of Shirley in our nation’s Capitol. https://t.co/Yodjzd3P2l
Read this: @_juliannemoore writes about how the #MeToo movement is spurring changes in “our laws and in our lives.” Julianne, thank you for using your voice to help others!
https://t.co/lq18SXwelR
The Marijuana Justice Act takes steps to fix stark inequalities in our criminal justice system and protects patients who need medication. It’s a commonsense bill – and I’m proud to join @CoryBooker as a cosponsor. Americans have spoken and demanded change. It’s time to act. https://t.co/1VfFbEipYJ
It is deeply troubling that cadets at the Air Force Academy were disbelieved, harassed, and retaliated against for reporting sexual assault. They deserve better. It is important for the Pentagon to conduct this investigation.
https://t.co/8XZoaYt71T
Next week, the Senate will skip debating gun reform to focus on rolling back the critical banking reforms that protect Americans against taxpayer funded bank bailouts. They aren't even trying to hide who they work for anymore. https://t.co/OXqyGt5H4Q
I don’t understand how, after meeting grieving families whose lives have been torn apart by gun violence, any public servant wouldn’t vow to take every sensible step to ensure that someone else’s child isn’t next.
America's gun violence problem isn’t going to go away unless Congress musters up the courage to address it head-on. We cannot continue to give the lip service of thoughts and prayers, and then do nothing. We have to act.
Retired Col. Don Christensen writes: “Kelly’s defense of Porter is rooted in a military culture that too often values loyalty to cronies more than justice for their victims.” 

The "good-soldier defense" is an another example of why we must reform our military justice system. https://t.co/GQuAFY9dDk
It’s time for Congress to come out on the right side of history by taking real, decisive action to end workplace sexual harassment. @CheriBustos writes powerfully about our bipartisan bill to end forced arbitration for workplace harassment cases. 
https://t.co/LrD00RCQKs
Big pharma keeps pushing back against legalizing medical marijuana because, in many cases, they want to continue to sell addictive drugs and dominate the market for drugs that address chronic pain. That's wrong. 

It is time to rework our cannabis laws. https://t.co/g23trjnJcT
Not if we have anything to do with it. Get to the polls this November, women. We’re owning our future. https://t.co/hNcegl40Wa
This report is extremely troubling. We must never accept such hateful acts of anti-Semitism in our communities, and I plan to keep raising my voice against them. It is up to all of us to say, “Not on my watch.” 
https://t.co/idKiLshE8q
It’s such an honor to receive a perfect score from @LCVoters, and to partner with them in our work to protect our environment for future generations! https://t.co/FFXmqmkS9B
We must come together to try to reverse the @FCC’s misguided decision on #NetNeutrality, but still need just one more vote, from one more Senator, to keep our internet free and open. It has never been more important to speak out! Pick up the phone and make some calls.
After pushing policy after policy to restrict women's access to birth control, the Trump administration is now taking aim at #TitleX, our nation's program for reproductive health care. We must keep fighting back to ensure that women can access the care they need.
@RhonnieF I'm so glad to see all of your amazing work being celebrated, @RhonnieF! You're right: When we work to pay it forward, when women help women, we can build a more inclusive future for everyone.
We cannot keep relying on court cases to determine the fates of our Dreamers. They deserve a permanent legislative solution to end the very real crisis that they have been facing. https://t.co/PrkXtw8hLE
Another example of just how the students from Parkland are igniting real change in our conversation about gun control. Never underestimate the power you have when you make your voice heard. https://t.co/T2kqzRITQw
Our unions are key to rebuilding the middle class with good wages, safe jobs, and retirement and healthcare benefits, all of which will lift up our economy. I'll always speak out for good union jobs, and for our workers’ freedom to organize. I hope you will too.
This case is being heard at the behest of wealthy corporate interests who want to take away workers’ power, part of a cynical movement to further weaken American unions.
Today, the Supreme Court begins hearing oral arguments in Janus vs. AFSCME Council 31, a case that is a direct attack on public-sector unions and our workers’ ability to organize to improve their wages and working conditions.
Listening makes change. Learning from others’ stories makes change. That’s why it’s important that these courageous students are speaking truth to power. As I prepare to make our case to my colleagues tomorrow, I urge you to keep speaking out. Raise your voices. Call for change.
The minute you meet a parent who’s lost a teenage child to gun violence, everything changes. From that moment, and for my entire service in the Senate, I’ve proudly voted against the NRA and have had an “F” rating.
I came from a hunting family and when I first came to Congress, I had an “A” rating from the NRA. But 9 years ago when I came to the Senate, I met with the victims of gun violence and listened to their stories.
These votes are about keeping our children safe in schools. These votes will help keep people safe on the streets of their own communities. These votes will honor the tireless work of activists who’ve been speaking out against the scourge of gun violence for years.
We need to ban semi-automatic assault weapons &amp; bump stocks.
We need to pass universal background checks &amp; close the gun show loophole.
We need to make sure those with a history of violent crimes cannot get guns.
Tomorrow, I’m calling on my colleagues to do something about this. We need a vote.
Enough is enough. The NRA may be powerful, but so are you and your voice. I urge you to speak out and say shame on any lawmaker who won’t stand up to the NRA. Pay attention. Find out who. Vote them out this November.
Let me make this clear: This has nothing to do with the Second Amendment and everything to do with greed. The NRA doesn’t care about people – they care about money, and that’s it.
If my colleagues in Congress are so beholden to the NRA, so paralyzed by its chokehold, that they will turn their backs and bury their heads once again while more children die – then this is a monumental failure in leadership.
After this terrible tragedy in Parkland, we’re seeing the same thing from Congress that we saw after Sandy Hook, after Aurora, after Charleston, after San Bernardino, after Orlando, after Las Vegas, after Sutherland Springs: complete inaction.
I’m working on bipartisan legislation to expand Pell Grants, so that more New Yorkers can have access to training programs to learn new skills necessary for good-paying jobs. https://t.co/HjVat9F5dP
Listen to what our teachers are saying. They want to be armed with books, not guns.
The House acted to address sexual harassment in Congress. Now, the Senate should do its part by voting on my bipartisan bill, the Congressional Harassment Reform Act. Let's make the simple, urgent changes needed to hold elected officials to the highest standards. https://t.co/9vvfOp30C9
Keep sharing your pain, your frustration, your anger. Tell your lawmakers that enough is enough, that you’re not going to put up with anymore inaction on passing laws to end gun violence. 

If they don’t listen, vote them out.
How many must die before Congress takes action? There’s no excuse. https://t.co/L5Qa7CRZpi
We all have a responsibility to reject these cowardly acts of anti-Semitism. When it comes down to it, New Yorkers will always rise above hate and bigotry.
https://t.co/CHEHY5TUHR
Aurora.
Sandy Hook.
Charleston.
Orlando. 
Las Vegas. 
Sutherland Springs, TX.

After each of these communities were devastated by horrific acts of gun violence, what happened in Congress? Nothing. 

Enough is enough. Congress must act now.
The NRA and the gun industry just want to protect their profits—it is all about money and greed. They want to keep selling weapons of war to anyone willing to pay, no matter how unsafe it makes the rest of us. It has nothing to do with protecting the Second Amendment.
These reports are disturbing. USA Swimming should have taken action, but it appears they did nothing. We need a special committee, as called for by my colleagues @SenJoniErnst and @SenatorShaheen, to investigate these failures. 
https://t.co/zpBSLqhaDe
By speaking truth to power, students from Parkland, Florida are changing the conversation about gun violence, right before our eyes. Now, it’s up to all of us to join them, to speak out, and to make sure we change the outcomes. https://t.co/s7BydxSyYe
It was great to join @StephenatHome for an episode of the @colbertlateshow. The show airs tonight at 11:35/10:35c on CBS. I hope you'll tune in! https://t.co/q2knndzpKj
Public servants have a moral imperative to help those in need. After passing $1.5 trillion in tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans, the president wants to cut heating assistance for low income families &amp; seniors. That's an abysmal failure of leadership. 
https://t.co/nYD1U1wgPL
In the wake of unspeakable tragedy, students from Marjory Stoneman Douglas HS are speaking truth to power. It shouldn’t be left to these amazing kids to call on adults to do the right thing. Let’s join them on March 24 to advocate, organize, &amp; then vote for commonsense gun laws. https://t.co/GziOdl3HFl
It’s not “too soon” to talk about solutions to end gun violence in this country. I reject that notion. The time to talk about them is now—today, tomorrow, and every day after, until we confront this epidemic.
After the horrific mass shooting in Texas last November, I spoke on the Senate Floor about our moral obligation to act on gun violence. 

Nothing has changed since then. It's completely shameful. 

When will enough be enough for Congress to act? 
https://t.co/pxXU5ag2Jj
Wishing peace, prosperity, and happiness to all celebrating the #LunarNewYear. Xinnián kuàilè! Saehae bok manhi badeuseyo!
I’m overjoyed to share this photo from earlier today when I received the Democratic nomination for U.S. Senate here in New York. I believe we’re here to help people, and it’s the honor of my professional life to serve the public and fight for our progressive values. https://t.co/hEEtWtnKbJ
Heartbreaking and horrific images from yet another school shooting, this time in Parkland, FL. ​Thinking of the victims and their families, and grateful to the first responders on the scene. When will enough be enough for Congress to finally take gun violence seriously?
I’m proud to announce that I will be cosponsoring the Marijuana Justice Act introduced by my friend @CoryBooker We're going live from my Facebook page for a few minutes to talk about the bill. Join us! https://t.co/cdsMmZTADb
I’m so proud of our resistance this past year, but we can’t back down. I need to be able to come to you first when stakes are high, so join my rapid response text team for action alerts and updates. Let’s show what this team can do when we come together. https://t.co/EiRL3NSpgg https://t.co/zZNU35VxfU
Our country is better and stronger because of the contributions of our Dreamers. They deserve to know that their futures are secure. As this debate finally moves to the Senate floor, let’s give everything we can to the fight to protect them. #DreamActNow
I will no longer accept donations from corporate PACs, and I wanted to share why I’ve made that decision. I hope you’ll join me in doing everything we can to fight to reform our broken campaign finance system. https://t.co/v2oWvEiUCe
If you're a woman who wants to run, go for it! Your experiences and perspective make you uniquely qualified. If you don’t run, here’s who likely will: A person who doesn’t care about the things you want to change nearly as much as you do. 
https://t.co/l0YJ26GdQv
Saranac Lake’s Chris @Mazdzer just made history by earning Team USA’s first ever medal for men’s singles luge at the Winter Olympics! Congratulations, you had us all at the edge of our seats! #BestofUS
I believe that in everything we do, we are here to help people. We are here to put others first, to live a day in their shoes, to understand what their life is like and try to make it better. Help me spread the word and bring more people to our fight. https://t.co/XYAzTBEcoS
The lives of survivors of sexual assault and domestic abuse are being shattered every day. If he wants due process for the over dozen sexual assault allegations against him, let’s have Congressional hearings tomorrow. I would support that and my colleagues should too.
The President has shown through words and actions that he doesn’t value women. It’s not surprising that he doesn’t believe survivors or understand the national conversation that is happening.
It’s clearer than ever that paid family and medical leave is good for working families and for businesses. 

Let’s finally guarantee paid leave to every American worker by passing the #FAMILYAct.
#paidleavemeans
https://t.co/HawrkOKskg
#paidleavemeans
https://t.co/cVGGAQ310m
#paidleavemeans
https://t.co/gsDtvtltO0
#paidleavemeans
https://t.co/92Xb0FA2YT
Earlier this week, I asked about your personal experiences with #paidleave, and am grateful to all who shared their stories. I hope you’ll read some of them to learn more about what #paidleavemeans to many of you. https://t.co/CMziv2AE9G
Every day between now and then, let us organize, advocate, and fight to make sure women’s voices are heard and valued.
Our next chance at holding this President and the WH accountable comes on November 6, 2018, when we can flip the House and Senate and bring back some accountability.
This isn’t normal. It isn’t acceptable. And in our families, our communities, and our workplaces we need to speak the message about the value of women in our words and our deeds.
The President absolutely should be held accountable, and hearings should have already been conducted into these serious allegations. But the GOP Congress looks the other way in abdication of its responsibility to provide oversight.
It all goes back to the President himself. He has over a dozen credible allegations of sexual harassment and assault against him and has bragged, on video, about sexually assaulting women. https://t.co/4TiMMbMdXT
Then, as RNC Finance Chair Steve Wynn has similar allegations of sexual assault, we hear nothing on his donations of over $300k to the RNC. And don't even get me started on the President's embrace of Roy Moore. https://t.co/KtWsJfTAbs
The RNC, led by President Trump, called out Democrats for their association with the disgraced Harvey Weinstein. Democrats returned the donations and widely condemned his actions.
We have learned that Kelly has previously "appeared as a character witness in a 2016 court-martial of a Marine colonel accused of sexually harassing two female subordinates. Mr. Kelly praised the colonel as a 'superb Marine officer.'”
https://t.co/qOl64Hy9fQ
The WH press office and chief of staff John Kelly ignored credible allegations against this staffer until the very end. In fact, Kelly called him a man of “honor."
And now, we learn they were fine with an alleged domestic abuser working next to the Oval Office as long as the press and public didn’t know about it. https://t.co/sQFitMYl2o
At the same time, they remain all in on trying to restrict women's access to reproductive health and birth control. https://t.co/qYbOzhD4q7
Worse yet, this administration actually rolled back an Obama rule that required businesses to report pay data to help close the wage gap. https://t.co/7ghjdjLIOR
Despite some cheap words in the State of the Union, the President refuses to lift a finger to pass a real paid family leave bill. https://t.co/1XJMue5joh
This is an important time to talk about this WH and whether they value women. Because, consistently, their actions tell us they don’t.
Senators on both sides of the aisle have a moral obligation to fight for Dreamers as hard as we'd fight for our own families. I have made clear, again and again, that I won’t vote for any long-term spending deal that does not protect them. The same goes for today’s vote.
We cannot continue to sit idly by and watch hundreds of thousands of Dreamers live in fear of deportation. They deserve justice now.
This kind of incompetence is unacceptable. As our fellow Americans continue to suffer without basic resources, the federal government cannot fail them like this.
https://t.co/x91eJ8tpop
We should not have to make American workers choose between paid family leave and Social Security. That is a false choice, and it's wrong.
Our country desperately needs #paidleave, but we shouldn't rob Peter to pay Paul. Any plan that cuts into Social Security will hit low-income workers, seniors, and women the hardest. That's wrong. 

Congress should work to strengthen Social Security, and pass the #FAMILYAct.
“If a sexual assault response coordinator can't be taken seriously, then what chance does a female lance corporal have?” https://t.co/NUkCUFHwU6
Thank you @SenatorShaheen for signing on to the #FAMILYAct! Grateful to have your support as we fight to get #paidleave to every worker in this country.
.@SenatorHassan, I’m so glad to have you on board for the #FAMILYAct! Excited to work with you. https://t.co/slHTIh0L7z
We are so thrilled to support your race, @StandWithSol! https://t.co/xUYat2XspG
Proud to have secured $170 million in federal funding for this effort to expand broadband access in Upstate New York.
https://t.co/7ome73UEcn
Low-wage workers rely on tips as major source of income, and work extremely hard for them. This new plan gives employers the license to take money—billions of dollars worth—straight out of the pockets of the people who need it most. 
https://t.co/0YAOJjdxD5
Do you you have a story to tell about a time when you really needed #paidleave but didn’t have it? Or a time when you did have #paidleave, and it helped your family or your business? I'd love to know—tell me in a reply! #FMLA25
The #FAMILYAct would allow every American worker up to 12 weeks of #paidleave to care for a new child, a sick family member, or a personal medical emergency. The best part? Through shared responsibility, it’d cost workers and employers the price of a cup of coffee a week. #FMLA25
FMLA was an important step forward for our working families, but it doesn’t apply to 40 percent of the workforce. And it doesn’t guarantee any pay during the time that the worker is away. #FMLA25
Thank you @MartinHeinrich for signing on to the #FAMILYAct. I’m excited to work with you to finally pass a national paid leave program for every worker in America! https://t.co/d23rpVxnIN
25 years ago, the Family and Medical Leave Act was signed into law. It was an incredible step forward for millions of working families. Today, let’s renew our call for the next step forward: A national paid family and medical leave program. #FMLA25
Every trace of inaction in this case must be uncovered, and those responsible must be held accountable. Let’s get to the bottom of what happened, so that no one else has to experience this kind of abuse and neglect again.
It is now clear that these victims were failed time and again by the adults at the U.S. Olympic Committee who were trusted to care for them. The USOC had a moral duty to act after learning about the abuse, but instead they appeared to turn a blind eye.
More than 150 young women and girls have shown incredible courage by coming forward about the horrific abuse they suffered at the hands of Dr. Larry Nassar.
An honor to be with the incredible leaders and fighters of @HRC. They've done groundbreaking work, giving a voice and power to so many. I'm proud to stand with them to make our country a fairer, more equal place for the LGBTQ community. https://t.co/LyqSZZT9mH
Likewise! I enjoyed our dinner and look forward to working with you, @CoreyinNYC! https://t.co/QxzmVUm1qg
This is appalling: The @GOP has endorsed the president’s cruel transgender military ban, against the stances of members of their own party like @SenJohnMcCain. This ban is a misguided attack on Americans willing to risk their lives to serve our country.
https://t.co/LIxVCUbXpx
Protecting children should always come before fear of damage to an org’s reputation. It's unconscionable that Larry Nassar was allowed to treat young girls after allegations of abuse. I agree with @SenatorShaheen &amp; @SenJoniErnst: USOC CEO Scott Blackmun should step down. https://t.co/wgkV6vqo64
This is a dangerous, politically motivated decision. It’s alarming that House Republicans and President Trump would rather attack our law enforcement agencies and discredit our institutions than address the real issue at hand: Russian interference in our elections. https://t.co/DBmwEGE67N
Dreamers across the country continue to wait for a permanent fix for DACA. Hundreds of thousands of young people are living in fear of what might happen to them. Let's do the right thing and give them the opportunity to keep contributing to our communities.
Today marks the beginning of #BlackHistoryMonth, a time to honor and celebrate the achievements of leaders, innovators, and trailblazers in the Black community; and a time to reflect upon the countless ways that they have shaped our nation.
Chad, I’m so honored to have your support. Can't wait to see everyone on Saturday! https://t.co/lHIITE3x1B
If the president was really serious about creating a paid leave program that would help all workers, he would support my #FAMILYAct. Actions speak louder than words.
Thank you @SenTinaSmith for signing onto the #FAMILYAct and joining our call for a national paid leave program that will lift up all American families.
I wrote a letter to @USDOL demanding more data on the economic impacts of sexual harassment on our workforce. https://t.co/sbu0q41tYz
Great to spend time with Mayor @CarmenYulinCruz at my house before heading to #SOTU! https://t.co/Px138DGpsC
The president must address the crisis in Puerto Rico. We can't forget about our fellow citizens who still don't have access to basic resources. With Mayor @CarmenYulinCruz in the audience, I hope he and Republicans in Congress will be reminded of their responsibility. #SOTU
The president must address the lingering crisis of his own making: the status of our Dreamers who wait with uncertainty. He has the power to solve this right now. He should commit to helping them. Protecting our Dreamers is the right thing to do. #SOTU
The State of our Union should not be measured by the success of the stock market, and certainly not by tax cuts that overwhelmingly benefit corporations and CEOs. #SOTU
Tonight, the president must address how he will try to reward workers, not just the shareholders who are reaping the benefits of the economy at everyone else's expense. #SOTU
Tonight, the president must address how he will make higher education and vocational training more affordable and accessible so that our workers can get better paying jobs. #SOTU
Tonight, the president must address his plans to bring down the cost of health care for everyone who continues to struggle to afford it. This a top concern that I keep hearing about from families across New York. #SOTU
At today's hearing of the Environment and Public Works Committee, I called on @EPAScottPruitt explain what the EPA is doing to address both the clean up of the Hudson River, and the harmful levels of toxic PFOA and PFOS that have been found throughout New York State.
I voted against the 20-week abortion ban. This bill was nothing more than another attempt by Republicans in Congress to control women's personal health care decisions.
A woman’s health care decisions are between her and her doctor, not politicians in Washington.
A 20-week abortion ban could prevent women with high-risk pregnancies from receiving the care that they desperately need. https://t.co/fMD6dh9hve
Tonight’s abortion ban vote is yet another attempt by Republican leaders to attack women’s reproductive rights. Jam the phone lines, post those tweets, and spread the word. We must all speak out on this.
I hope Mayor Cruz's presence at #SOTU will remind the president and my colleagues in Congress of our urgent responsibility to help Puerto Rico fully recover and rebuild. Our fellow citizens must not be forgotten or left behind.
It is an honor to announce that Mayor @CarmenYulinCruz of San Juan, Puerto Rico will join me at the #SOTU. Throughout the crisis in Puerto Rico, Mayor Cruz has shown extraordinary leadership and fearless advocacy for her city.
When we see hate in our communities, when we hear hateful words, when we see someone bullying or attacking others, let’s all have the courage to say: “Not on our watch.” “Not in my community.” “Not here, not now.”

#WeRemember
The targeting of immigrant rights activists by ICE must end. Thank you for calling out this injustice @nydiavelazquez, @repjoecrowley, @repyvetteclarke. https://t.co/YL8jn4faJA
If women made up 51% of Congress, do you think we would still be fighting to protect a woman’s right to choose? Do you think that the Senate would be voting on a dangerous 20-week abortion ban? 
 
Absolutely not.
Cecile, you are amazing. Thank you for your leadership and tireless commitment to women’s health and reproductive rights. It is an honor to call you a friend. I cannot wait to see what you do next! https://t.co/f64td5GoEK
Here we go again: Next week, the Senate will vote on legislation that would ban abortions after 20 weeks. This bill is unconstitutional and could have disastrous consequences for women and families across the country. We must all come together to stop it from passing.
The president should not cross this line. Americans deserve answers and Mueller must be allowed to finish his investigation without interference from the White House. https://t.co/XyVBH2hDEw
Our fellow American citizens in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands have been waiting for too long. The federal government has not done enough. We can’t let this slip. We can't let another funding bill go by without helping them.
Together, we must rise to the occasion and forge the political will to stand with the families of Puerto Rico until the islands are fully rebuilt. We need a new Marshall Plan to help them.
While the headlines have begun to recede, the humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico remains as urgent as ever. Our fellow citizens continue to suffer. Many don’t have electricity or clean water to drink. Their hospitals don’t have enough supplies. Workers aren’t getting paid.
The abuses that occurred at USA Gymnastics should not have been allowed to occur. I agree: Nassar’s trial should be the start of a bigger investigation by Congress so that this can never happen again. 
https://t.co/ngfICYEDEq
Sam Brownback has a history of discrimination against our country's LGBT and Muslim communities. That is troubling for someone who is supposed to fight for religious freedom across the globe. I voted against this terrible nomination. https://t.co/IltmRxFwxX
Azar is a big pharma exec with a history of putting profit over patients. Just another example of the revolving door of special interests. I voted against his nomination. https://t.co/ir8Bgnb9gB
We must all hold the president and Republicans in Congress to their promises on Dreamers. Hundreds of thousands of young people are counting on us. Your voice is needed more than ever.
Congratulations to @SenDuckworth on her amazing news! https://t.co/uS9zEx6o8B
Naomi Parker Fraley, the unsung inspiration behind the iconic Rosie the Riveter, passed away this week at the age of 96. The image she inspired encouraged generations of women to rise up, make themselves heard, and know their power. 
https://t.co/g0W9DTZXaH
The shutdown is over, but we have not yet solved the moral crisis before us. Each day, hundreds of Dreamers lose their protections and live in fear of deportation. They deserve to know that their futures are secure in the only country they’ve ever called home.
Women should always have the right, freedom, and privacy to make their own decisions about their bodies, with their doctors and families—and without the federal government barging its way into the conversation. #7in10forRoe #Roe45
Roe v. Wade was one of the most consequential Supreme Court decisions for women’s rights in this country. As we look back on the progress made in the 45 years since, let’s continue to defend the right of every woman to be able to access the care she needs. #7in10forRoe #Roe45
I want to see the government re-open as much as anyone, but this bill fails to fix the moral issue we must solve. That's why I voted against it.
I am deeply disappointed that today’s outcome fails to protect Dreamers. They deserve better from the elected leaders of the only country many of them have ever called home.
I was lifted up to see so many of you turn out across the country at the #WomensMarch. This is our moment to stand tall, to fight back, and to be heard. https://t.co/cANqpC4n9W
They marched. Now, they’re a force to be reckoned with.
https://t.co/CYO80xRnJw
Right now, the next chapter of the women’s movement is being written—and it’s up to each and every one of us to help author it by fighting for what we believe in. #WomensMarch https://t.co/0K1NNeyUDT
Standing in solidarity with all at #WomensMarchNYC today. Over the past year, you have made clear that we did not just march and go home. We have not stopped. And we will not stop. https://t.co/OAzaaQvHud
One year after the #WomensMarch, our grassroots energy is growing, not fading. It’s clearer than ever that women are holding our democracy together in these dangerous times.
One year ago, the day after President Trump was sworn into office, something extraordinary happened: We saw the rebirth of the women’s movement when thousands of women and men came together for the #WomensMarch, the single largest global protest in history.
Republicans control the White House, the Senate, and the House of Representatives. No matter how they spin this shutdown, we know what happened: They abandoned their responsibility.
Instead of protecting Dreamers, renewing health insurance for millions of children, and tackling the real problems hurting our families, the president and his enablers in Congress have manufactured a government shutdown.
I will continue to work with my colleagues in a bipartisan manner to avoid the president's manufactured crisis. But I will not support another short-term CR that does not protect children’s health insurance and DACA recipients.
But the president and his irresponsible enablers in Congress refuse to take yes for an answer. They want to hold our country hostage for a taxpayer funded, ineffective border wall that the president promised that Mexico will pay for.
There is broad bipartisan agreement that the government should not shut down, that health insurance for 9 million children should be extended for 10 years, and that Dreamers should be protected.
The problem is that President Trump has previously declared he wanted the government shut down. He's doing all he can to get it.
For the first time in our nation’s history, we could have a government shutdown while one party controls the White House, the U.S. Senate, and the House of Representatives. A government shutdown is 100% avoidable.
Women and LGBTQ people already face many obstacles when seeking the health care they need. They shouldn’t be denied this basic right because of their health provider’s beliefs. https://t.co/6rOUInNR5T
Every elected official must acknowledge that the threat of global climate change is real. The evidence is all around us. 

We owe it to future generations to quickly embrace that fact and take swift action. Now. https://t.co/cJJBaA2xv8
Hundreds of thousands of Dreamers, young people who make enormous contributions to our communities, are counting on us to do the right thing. The clock is ticking. #DreamActNow
The stock market just hit another record. Meanwhile, the Senate is not focused on helping those who haven’t seen the benefits of the economic recovery. There should be no more bailouts. Let's make sure of that.
Early this year, the Senate plans to bring to the floor a bill intended to rollback Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform. I plan to oppose it. 

This bill puts limits on important oversight that would protect taxpayers from being on the hook for another bank bailout.
Protecting Dreamers is a moral imperative. I will not vote for a spending bill that doesn’t treat Dreamers fairly.
The Senate Finance Committee just voted to confirm Alex Azar, a former big pharma exec with a history of raising prescription drug prices, for HHS Secretary. Let's not let the fox guard the hen house. I will certainly #SayNotoAzar when he comes before the full Senate for a vote.
In New York State, Community Health Centers serve over 2 million people in low income and underserved communities. If Congress does not act quickly to reauthorize their funding, we could have a crisis on our hands.
Looking forward to it! See you soon! https://t.co/y24GOHxhF6
Your reminder that nearly 9 million children and their families have waited for over 100 days for Congress to save the Children’s Health Insurance Program.
There are no more excuses for our inaction. https://t.co/4hJjoBgToo
Some great news: We need just one more vote, from one more Senator, to have enough votes to reverse the Trump administration’s #NetNeutrality repeal. Keeping our internet free and open to everyone could not be more important. Contact your Senators today!
The federal government will once again accept applications for DACA renewal. While this is a temporary relief for many Dreamers, we cannot lose sight of our fight to pass the #DreamActNow and guarantee them the chance to keep contributing to the country they love. https://t.co/AjTPO2AnUf
“A man dies when he refuses to stand up for that which is right." 

You have spoken out, marched, pushed back. You have not given up. You have not given an inch. Now more than ever, it's up to us to keep using our voices to keep bending the arc of history toward justice. #MLKDay
We owe it to Dr. King and to those who have fought to never lose hope, never lose faith, and never stop fighting. His lessons are the teachings of perseverance, determination, and a willingness to never give up, even when it’s really hard. #MLKDay
We owe it to Dr. King to keep standing against bigotry, to condemn hateful attacks on people of color, to condemn racist rhetoric from our president or anyone else. And we must always remember that our children are watching and listening to how we respond. #MLKDay
As we celebrate the remarkable legacy, work, and sacrifice of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., we recognize the progress our country has made in the last 50 years. And in a year that has tested our resolve, we're reminded of the work still left to be done. #MLKDay
While we’ve seen remarkable outcomes in light of the #MeToo movement, we must keep pushing for the changes needed to make accountability possible for all women, no matter what industry they work in or the type of work they do. Everyone should feel safe to come forward.
More than 100 days since Hurricane Maria made landfall, millions of Puerto Ricans are still without water, food, or power. We must keep fighting in Congress, but we can also do what Congress won’t. Help Puerto Rico heal: https://t.co/fME0J9i4Bi https://t.co/CEe2IOkz4C
There’s still a long, costly fight ahead before this is successful, and survivors are counting on it. Can you give to help make sure justice wins? Every dollar is critical to helping stand with survivors and seeing this through: https://t.co/tSUfNFaOKQ
The @RecallPersky team has done something unprecedented: When justice went unserved, they took on not just the judge, but an entire system that devalues women and lets abusers off easy. They’ve put sexual assault on the ballot.
This is incredible: In California, the activists behind @RecallPersky gathered 100,000 signatures to recall the judge who sentenced Brock Turner to just six months in jail after he was convicted of sexually assaulting an unconscious woman outside a frat party.
Our country’s diversity is a strength. Our history and heritage of immigration have always helped us thrive. These truths cannot, and will not, be diminished by hateful, racist words.
We won't let the president's hateful words define us, nor will we let our compassion fade. Let's stand in unity with the brave people of Haiti, who were devastated by a tragic earthquake 8 years ago. The strength they've shown in the face of tragedy is inspiring.
Col. Jensen, thank you for your leadership. I look forward to fighting alongside you and @ProtectRDfnders for a military justice system that is worthy of the sacrifices of our brave service members. https://t.co/slE7rdqiwY
“What if there were a way to run a business that generated lasting wealth for employees and helped anchor companies in the U.S.?”
https://t.co/ROND4aSTOW
Thank you, Serena, for speaking out on this! You're very right. We must work toward change to ensure that no one is forced to choose between a paycheck and caring for a child or loved one. Let's finally pass a national paid family leave program like my #FAMILYAct. https://t.co/q0eZ2BfqhA
A repulsive, unacceptable remark, far beneath the dignity of the presidency. Our country is better than this. https://t.co/U54NdZ9Dgz
Iranians should have every right to raise their voices in protest without fear of intimidation or violence from their government. I've joined my colleagues @SenBobCorker, @SenatorCardin on a Senate resolution to affirm that right.
This is a big victory in our fight against partisan gerrymandering. https://t.co/ERVDZGUzxa
Congratulations to @shelley4senate on winning the Democratic nomination for New York State Senate District 37. I look forward to supporting your campaign!
To all Dreamers: You are part of our communities, you are part of the fabric of this country, and you deserve to be part of our future. We will not stop fighting for you. #DreamActNow
The opioid crisis has destroyed far too many lives, and we cannot wait any longer to take action. Congress must pass my bipartisan bill that will address the one of the root causes of this crisis by curbing over-prescription. https://t.co/zGvJqq6ytp
U.S. attorneys should work for the people they serve and be independent from the executive branch—that is a cornerstone of our democracy. https://t.co/NUkUcKT17j
I am deeply troubled by the reports that President Trump personally interviewed Geoffrey Berman to permanently fill the post of Manhattan U.S. attorney, and find it disqualifying, considering the potential conflicts of interest on matters that could affect the president himself.
Happy to see my friend @KarinaCBell who worked so hard in my office continue to try and help others by launching a podcast called Reach Mama, where she shares stories of career-driven moms of many different backgrounds pursuing their professional dreams. https://t.co/twzWdFFysy
It has been over 100 days since funding expired for the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Have you taken action this week and called on Congress to renew coverage for nearly 9 million children?
Joe Arpaio has absolutely no business being in the Senate. It’s more important than ever to make sure my friend @kyrstensinema wins this critical seat. Will you pitch in now to help her win and take back the Senate for Democrats? https://t.co/CUybHafTNO
I’m proud to join @SenMarkey’s effort to restore #NetNeutrality. Let’s keep speaking out to fight for a free, open internet. https://t.co/0xJOrYgycW
Dreamers shouldn't be used as political pawns to pay for an absurd border wall. We shouldn't put hundreds of thousands of lives on the line just so that the president can fulfill a hateful campaign promise. It's nonsense. We need to pass a clean #DreamActNow.
An important project of this size and scope cannot get done without help from the federal government. I'm very concerned about the Trump Administration's stance on this, and plan to ask Secretary Chao today to explain their position.
The Gateway Project has national and regional significance—and members of both political parties support it. A failure of the Hudson Tunnel, which is crumbling because of Superstorm Sandy, could have crippling effects on the entire Northeast region.
If President Trump really wants to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure, he should start by working constructively with Democrats and Republicans from New York and New Jersey on the Gateway Project, the single most important rail project in the country.
Another example of the revolving door of special interests that could hurt both patients and consumers alike. Alex Azar’s record at the drug company Eli Lily demands that he be blocked from leading such an important agency. https://t.co/kZVKNgeN4J
Too many would-be small business owners struggle to get loans from banks to start businesses, and more often than not, the people who lose out are women and minority entrepreneurs. I’ve co-sponsored legislation to address this. https://t.co/dX4uZa5UAC
“...when that new day finally dawns, it will be because of a lot of magnificent women, fighting hard to make sure that they become the leaders who take us to the time when nobody ever has to say #MeToo again.” 

Powerful words from @Oprah. https://t.co/yENnpLVGHl
This decision will separate families and force members of our communities into the shadows to live in fear of deportation. Heartless and cruel. https://t.co/OjWCXiSJ5y
Companies like Niagara Gear that allow workers to share in their successes through Employee Stock Ownership Plans are great examples of how we can reward work again. That’s why I'm working to pass legislation to support more employee ownership in New York and across the country. https://t.co/zBecwKsYJT
Worth watching: Puerto Rico continues to suffer without water, food, or power months after Hurricane Maria, which has given way to yet another crisis. https://t.co/74tY7wrN3Y
Passing adequate, long-term funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program shouldn’t be a partisan issue. Let’s get to work.
If we want to tackle the opioid crisis head on, then we must curb the over-prescription of painkillers. Glad to be working with @SenJohnMcCain on this issue. https://t.co/PNYB7J2uvt
Another week has passed and Congress has done nothing to help the hundreds of thousands of Dreamers who are living in fear of losing their status and are at risk of deportation.
Much credit should be given to the families of Flight 3407, who have worked hard to push for stronger rules to keep our commercial flights safe. 
https://t.co/bSTUFCqqtu
Joeette asks the right question of AG Sessions: "Where is the compassion? It is cruel to withhold a treatment of medicine from people that are suffering." https://t.co/3zL1gd33EZ
New Yorkers, please make sure to stay warm this weekend! https://t.co/rmip76CRs4
A great reminder for Congress today. #DíaDeLosReyes https://t.co/tkr6f2Wh2q
New York State now offers paid leave! Let’s keep up the momentum to guarantee this important benefit for workers across the country. 
https://t.co/hg0EAE014A
Attorney General Sessions' decision to restrict states’ ability to legalize and decriminalize marijuana is either willfully ignorant of the medical science or an act of greed on behalf of the pharmaceutical industry. In either case, it's an attack on patients, and it's wrong. https://t.co/Kiw8nOmPb7
DOJ should investigate how pharma helped create the opioid crisis, not institute policies that take marijuana based medicines from patients and needlessly target non-violent minority youths.
Our country is in the midst of an opioid crisis and the AG is going to divert resources to cracking down on medical marijuana? This is either willfully ignorant or cowing to corporate greed on behalf of pharma special interest profits.
This is about public health. You can join me in fighting back by calling for support for my bill, the CARERS Act, which keeps the federal government out of the way when doctors and patients decide that medical marijuana is the best treatment for them.
This reported decision is a direct attack on patients. Parents should be able to give their kids the medicine they need without fear of prosecution. Veterans should be able to come home from combat and use the medicine they need without fear of prosecution. https://t.co/ra43TqWsQE
It has been over 100 days since Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico. Over a million of our fellow citizens remain in crisis, and Congress has yet to give them the aid they need. Please, keep up the pressure and tell your members of Congress to take action now.
Nearly 9 million children across the country are waiting desperately for Congress to pass adequate, long-term funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program. We cannot leave this unresolved any longer.
As of today, over 14,000 DACA recipients have lost their protections and face the risk of deportation. There are no more excuses. Protecting Dreamers and passing a clean #DreamActNow must be one of Congress’s top priorities this month.
Great to see over 300 powerful women in Hollywood come together to help others by launching an initiative and legal defense fund aimed at ending sexual harassment in the workplace. #TimesUp
https://t.co/PTgwzsbRub
We have big and important fights to wage together this year. Stay focused, stay hopeful, and please keep raising your voice. Thank you for all that you do. Happy New Year!
I’m so grateful for everyone who’s gotten off the sidelines, raised their voices, and fought for what we believe in this year. As you think ahead to 2018, I’d love for you to share some resolutions in a reply. Wishing you and your family a joyful, safe evening!
Here is your reminder that our fellow American citizens in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands have suffered through the holidays without power, water, or refrigeration. They cannot wait any longer—Congress must act quickly to give them the funding needed to rebuild.
Creating a nationwide wireless broadband network to enable our first responders to communicate with each other in real time during national crises is something I worked hard to pass in Congress. All 50 states now taking part in the program is an important step forward. https://t.co/djDQhZEsVx
Securing adequate, long-term funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program continues to be a major piece of unfinished business for this Congress. Millions of children across the country are counting on us to save their health coverage as soon as we are back in session.
I’m heartbroken at the news of the devastating fire in the Bronx last night. Praying for the New Yorkers we lost, for those still fighting for their lives, and for the families affected by this horrific tragedy. Thank you to @FDNY and first responders for your bravery.
.@schriock1 is a powerhouse who has inspired, motivated, and recruited thousands of amazing women to get off the sidelines, take the plunge, and run for office. I’m glad to see her accomplishments celebrated here and proud to be with her in this fight. https://t.co/gtoha38P3a
As we look ahead to some very important fights in the new year, never forget that your voice matters. You never know: Your words and your actions can spark, shape, or lead an important debate. Keep showing up, keep speaking out, continue to be part of the conversation.
Allowing thousands of Dreamers to lose their protections and face the risk of deportation is not just immoral, it also hurts our economy and our communities. We cannot sit idly by. It's time for a clean #DreamActNow.
While we have taken some of the right steps forward to address sexual harassment and assault on Capitol Hill, significant reform must take place to ensure that every employee in Congress can have the workplace they deserve.
https://t.co/PR6EQKsCMe
Merry Christmas! Wishing you many blessings today and all year. https://t.co/1UHaQEjtVD
I’m so deeply grateful for your passion and your voice. Wishing you and your family a holiday filled with joy and love. Happy holidays! https://t.co/MAddSJYFdT
Paid family leave benefits begin for workers across New York State on Jan. 1st! https://t.co/lrFw5JiOEF
This is worth your time. @thewarhorsenews put together a powerful, jarring timeline that chronicles nearly four decades of failed attempts to end sexual harassment and assault in our military. 
https://t.co/NAVmrCyVWR
Taxpayers shouldn’t have to bail out politicians' bad behavior. The system needs reform, which is why we must pass my bipartisan bill, the Congressional Harassment Reform Act, to create more accountability in Congress. Let's finally hold elected officials to the highest standards https://t.co/oXmyys53Ar
I voted no on the short-term CR. It did nothing to protect #Dreamers and did not fully reauthorize #CHIP. That’s unacceptable.
We cannot forget about the American families in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands that have been without food, water, or electricity for over 12 weeks. They deserve nothing less than a fully funded Marshall Plan to rebuild.
Congress shouldn't turn a blind eye to Dreamers. If a member of your family was at risk, waiting until next month for Congress to act wouldn't be good enough. We should all fight for our Dreamers as hard as we'd fight for our own family members. #DreamActNow
In light of the shameful tax bill and inescapable influence of big money in Congress, we should demand more transparency and accountability from every member of Congress—and from the president. After all, sunshine is the best disinfectant. https://t.co/QqnA8PsR4k
Senate Republicans are doing nothing to address the fact that millions of children are only weeks or months away from losing #CHIP coverage. It’s shameful to lavish tax giveaways on wealthy donors while claiming children’s access to the most basic medical care is too expensive.
Across the country, Dreamers are living in fear of losing their jobs, of having to go into hiding, of having to make a choice between staying here undocumented or being forced out of the only country they've ever called home. #DreamActNow
The House’s disaster aid package does not do enough to help with the humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico—and it doesn’t address the debt crisis that has made Puerto Rico’s recovery harder than it needs to be.
Thank you to @microsoft for standing with us in our bipartisan fight to end unfair forced arbitration policies that prevent sexual harassment survivors from getting the justice they deserve. https://t.co/2SYY9mOi3Y
This powerful, heartbreaking story sheds light on those we are fighting for and the structural changes that must take place to give every employee the workplace they deserve. I am grateful to these women who so bravely shared their stories. https://t.co/2zEboi1HiQ
In 2018, I hope you will channel your anger and energy into defeating those who voted to put their donors before hardworking middle-class families.
Taking decisive action to protect Dreamers is a matter of basic human rights and dignity—it's about people’s lives. #DreamActNow
Soon, the Senate will vote on a damaging bill that gives tax cuts to corporations at expense of middle class families, &amp; sets the stage for cuts to Medicare, Medicaid, &amp; Social Security. This bill is Washington's culture of soft corruption at its absolute worst—I'm voting NO.
These images are jarring. See for yourself, then tell me if you think our government is doing enough to help our fellow citizens. https://t.co/1h1snnoAQG
The Republican tax plan is an abomination—nothing but a massive giveaway to corporations and the wealthiest Americans. Time is running out before the final vote on this plan, so please make sure to keep up the pressure. Contact your Senators and tell them to vote NO.
For each day that Congress fails to act to protect Dreamers, 122 DACA recipients lose their status and face the risk of deportation. 

It is Congress' moral obligation to take decisive action. #cleanDreamActNow
As women continue raising their voices to ignite change, women-led films are breaking through to reign at the box office. https://t.co/DekaU8tfxe
Horrific news coming out of Washington State. Thinking of the lives lost and all those who were injured. Grateful to the brave first responders at the scene. We have seen too many of these kinds of accidents and must take appropriate action when we have the facts. https://t.co/YhIvmsYnca
This week, my Republican colleagues are eager to send an early holiday present to their corporate donors through the #GOPTaxScam.

If you're part of a middle class family, it's very likely that you'll take a hit. Keep speaking out.
A federal judge temporarily blocked a Trump administration rule that would allow employers to deny women contraceptive coverage. 

This is encouraging news. Let’s keep fighting back to ensure that no woman’s boss has the ability to determine her access to birth control. https://t.co/wEGpywgAuC
In the name of handouts to corporations and the wealthiest Americans, the #GOPTaxScam

• blows a hole in our deficit
• raises the cost of health insurance 
• could raise taxes on the middle class 
• could make drastic cuts to Medicare and Social Security
The real winners from the #GOPTaxScam will be the corporate shareholders, CEOs, and lobbyists that were paid to write the bill.
Republicans are rushing to pass their disaster of a tax bill, so please keep up the calls, tweets, letters, emails. We need your voice now more than ever.
On roads and highways across the country, underride crashes kill hundreds of people each year. These tragedies have a simple fix that can help save lives. This week, I introduced legislation to get this done. #STOPunderrides
https://t.co/CuniS5ZJje
If we want to be competitive in the 21st-century economy, our students and graduates need to learn skills in the classroom that will put them on a path to the good paying jobs of the future. https://t.co/5kO75tzFHD
Took the family to see the new Star Wars! The boys and I loved it. That’s all I will say! https://t.co/0aJD315ANn
At 5:30 on a Friday evening, Republicans handed a nice little holiday present to their corporate donors. 

See for yourself, this bill is a disaster. https://t.co/7IBOnbQnSg
As Puerto Rico continues to suffer from the devastation of Hurricanes Maria and Irma, it’s clear that we must be doing much, much more to help. Here, @Lin_Manuel writes beautifully about what it will take to help our fellow Americans in need. https://t.co/iuvIbntzqO
We still need your voice in the fight against the GOP tax plan. 

Why? It'll kick millions off of health insurance. It's likely to raise middle class taxes—and it could lead to drastic cuts to Medicaid &amp; Social Security, all to repay the GOP's corporate donors.
For those in New York State, your deadline for open enrollment is January 31, 2018, so you have a bit more time, but there’s no reason to wait! You can #GetCovered at  https://t.co/bVtCo3jTSA
Today is the deadline to sign up for quality, affordable health coverage in 2018. Go to https://t.co/rJyLTZVTkf to #GetCovered—and make sure to spread the word!
As elected leaders, we should be held to the highest standards. That's why I introduced a bipartisan bill to reform how Congress deals with sexual harassment. Taxpayers shouldn't have to bailout bad behavior from politicians. https://t.co/GWzGE5bxfZ
As of today, over 12,000 DACA recipients have lost their status. This is shameful. 

Let’s get to work to pass the #DreamActNow.
The @FCC just voted to repeal #NetNeutrality, a move that attacks freedom of speech for the millions of people who use the internet every single day. This is outrageous, and I’ll be joining @SenMarkey’s effort to reverse this horrible decision. https://t.co/QsgwqnNPfr
After we placed a hold on his nomination, Michael Dourson withdrew his name from consideration to lead the EPA’s chemical safety office. His ties to the chemical industry made clear that he was unfit for the job. This is a huge win for families in New York and across the country. https://t.co/PtGvDb5XoH
5 years ago today, 20 kids and 6 educators were killed at Sandy Hook Elementary. My heart goes out to all whose lives were torn apart by gun violence on December 14, 2012, and on every day since. Congress’ failure to act is shameful. We need to pass lifesaving reform now.
Today, the @FCC is voting on a proposal to wipe out #NetNeutrality, which ensures that the Internet is free, fair, and open to the millions of people who use it every day. Keep fighting back—make yourself heard on this.
Ten years ago, @TaranaBurke created the #MeToo movement to tell young women of color who had survived sexual assault that they were not alone. This sparked a powerful movement, made uniquely possible by a free and open internet. 
 
This is why we must fight for #NetNeutrality.
A quick reminder: Have you signed up to #GetCovered for 2018? The deadline is Friday, so make sure to get it done: https://t.co/rJyLTZEisH
Republicans should not rush to pass their terrible tax plan until @GDouglasJones is seated in the Senate.
The internet has opened up a wealth of opportunity for women across the country to organize, share stories, and build businesses. 

If the @FCC ends #NetNeutrality, they’ll lose out: https://t.co/3yWdggLBur
Congrats, @GDouglasJones, on your win in Alabama! This is a victory for showing up, fighting to the end, and standing for what’s right.
Women are a force to be reckoned with. We won’t be silenced.
Wishing a very happy, joyful, and bright #Hanukkah to all those who are celebrating!
We won't be silenced. https://t.co/Di2J4hvn1R
You cannot silence me or the millions of women who have gotten off the sidelines to speak out about the unfitness and shame you have brought to the Oval Office. https://t.co/UbQZqubXZv
Great news. Anyone who is willing to serve our country, and who meets the standards, should have every opportunity to do so regardless of gender identity. https://t.co/RyDzB0V96v
President Trump should resign. But, of course, he won't hold himself accountable. Therefore, Congress should investigate the multiple sexual harassment and assault allegations against him.
Under the Republican tax plan, corporations can deduct their state and local taxes, but working families cannot. How is that fair? https://t.co/Svel2oVbLX
Grateful to the NYPD for quickly apprehending the suspect at Port Authority. We must remain vigilant and give law enforcement the federal resources to keep us safe. https://t.co/YNEUrPan6X
Republicans in the House and the Senate are cutting backroom deals in a rush to pass their massive corporate tax cuts into law, which could amount to a complete disaster for middle class families. We must keep fighting back against this bill.
In rushing their harmful tax plan through Congress, Republicans have broken their promises to middle class families in the name of giant tax breaks for the rich and corporations. 
https://t.co/3GIRkSq0js
We are in a moment of reckoning—and the silence from Republicans is deafening. It is long past time for them to join Democrats in holding members of their own party accountable.
The accusations against Moore are disgusting. And President Trump has admitted on tape to how he treats women. His campaigning for Moore isn't leadership, it's shameful.
That means Farenthold should step aside, Moore should never set foot in the Senate, and President Trump should be held accountable.
As elected leaders, let's rise to the occasion, and not shrink away from it. That is what the larger #MeToo moment is about. Let's send a clear message none of this is okay.
When it comes to sexual assault, harassment, and the general mistreatment of women, we must be able to call out anyone, Democrat or Republican.
@conniebritton Thank you, @conniebritton!
With the Alabama special Senate election just a few days away, Doug Jones is counting on all of us to step up and help him win. Give now to make sure we defeat Roy Moore on Tuesday:
https://t.co/nj6njvNLZ0
If the Republican tax plan passes, some New Yorkers could see the price of their homes go down by 10% or more. There’s no doubt that it’s an “economic dagger aimed” at New York’s working families.
https://t.co/4ljUOeSwjz
Nice to grab breakfast this morning @thegemdiner with @walshformayor for a discussion about the different ways we can help working families in Syracuse. https://t.co/JFCQefPWub
This is an inexcusable failure by our military that has resulted in lives lost. Leadership has an obligation to fix this asap. https://t.co/hDZ2DS8J5R
This moment is a culmination of all the fights we’ve taken on together. Thank you for raising your voice, again and again, to fight alongside me for the things we believe in. https://t.co/G2eOo3Pxqx
Today, we remember the heroes who lost their lives at #PearlHarbor 76 years ago, and all who lost their lives in the war that followed. We honor the families who carry with them the memories of those they lost. May God bless them and all who serve in our Armed Forces.
Families across the country who rely on #CHIP are needlessly living with the fear that their children might lose health insurance, all because Congress has yet to act. This is troubling.
There’s no question that Roy Moore is completely unfit to serve in the Senate. The accusations against him are disgusting, and he’s spent his career advancing racist, homophobic and misogynistic views. 

Donate to help Doug Jones win: https://t.co/dGygZwjqlT
The Senate and the House still must come together to vote on a final tax bill. We must keep spreading the word about just how devastating this would be for America's middle class. Whether by call, text, or tweet, keep doing what you can to stop this bill from becoming law.
I encourage you to keep raising your voices. Your stories matter. We will listen. We will believe you.
When Americans are losing their lives to senseless gun violence, the last thing we should be doing is making it easier for more dangerous people to carry loaded, hidden guns in public places. https://t.co/JlnA9p8wI9
An excellent choice for #TIMEPOY. The women and men who have come forward to say #MeToo have not only shown extraordinary courage in sharing their stories, but have also brought forth one of the most important conversations we'll ever have. https://t.co/psE8cq5PzF
Over the past weeks, I’ve spent a lot of time reflecting on the moment of reckoning we’re in on this issue of sexual assault and harassment. We have to rise to the occasion, not shrink from it. I’ve written more here: https://t.co/n3DYiGnV0g
As elected officials, we should be held to the highest standards—not the lowest. The allegations against Sen. Franken describe behavior that cannot be tolerated. While he’s entitled to an Ethics Committee hearing, I believe he should step aside to let someone else serve.
Thank you, Gretchen, for your willingness to tell your story and turn your experiences into meaningful action. Proud to join you tomorrow. https://t.co/MIBUYNiLas
It is long past time to end the culture of secrecy that protects predators and keeps victims of sexual harassment from coming forward. 
https://t.co/WKOwzTkMVE
It's a complete travesty that #Dreamers must be forced to wait and see if our Republican-controlled Congress has the guts to stand up to the president and do what’s right and humane.
.@deray references a powerful quote at the beginning of this week’s @PodSaveThePpl: “They do not need to silence us if we do not use our voice.”

It was a pleasure to be part of this episode to discuss the ways we can make ourselves heard. Thank you for having me! https://t.co/ZIDGFzrCyo
While the horrendous Republican tax bill has passed the Senate, our fight to stop it from becoming law isn’t over yet. We still have to vote on a final version of the bill and need you to keep speaking out. Here are some actions you can take: https://t.co/4o5fKaa3si
This decision certainly will not make our country any safer. 

My heart goes out to the families that will be hurt by this cruel, discriminatory ban as the courts make their decisions. https://t.co/dasCB8zji1
Republicans left some big items to address as they focused on cutting corporate taxes last week: 

• Government funding, which runs out on Friday
• The uncertain futures of hundreds of thousands Dreamers
• Renewing CHIP for almost 9 mil kids

Can I count on you to speak out?
I will not vote for any long-term spending bill unless Congress acts to protect our Dreamers. This is a matter of respecting basic human rights and human dignity. https://t.co/LcfY38DIl9
Now’s the time to believe in yourself and in one another. We may have lost today, but tomorrow is another day in our fight—and we need to fight harder than ever against this administration’s cruel agenda.
We will win if you donate to candidates who share your values, if you volunteer to knock on doors or make calls, if you refuse to let this abominable behavior become normalized.
By channeling our anger and energy into defeating people in Congress who voted to put their donors before working and middle-class families, we will win this fight.
My Republican colleagues need to remember who we were sent here to serve: you. I’ll spend every day fighting back and reminding them of that fact, but this fight demands all of us.
The entire ordeal was a deafening blow to our democratic process. This bill was designed to take from everyday Americans and give to wealthy CEOs and corporations.
In the middle of the night, Republicans rammed through their atrocious tax scam. We didn’t have time to read the nearly 500 pages of partially handwritten, scribbled notes—unlike the lobbyists who knew what was in the bill before we did.
What a disgrace. Families in New York and across the country deserve so much better than this bill. https://t.co/oknE6s51y4
Heading to the Senate floor to vote NO on the Republican tax plan. Huge corporations don’t need any extra help. They’ll be just fine.
I want to note that we’ve barely had time to review the revised Republican tax plan—and we might be voting on it as soon as TONIGHT. It is astounding the lengths that Republicans will go for corporate tax cuts.
Flynn news is a BIG deal, but please also pay close attention to the Senate floor. Sen. McConnell just said he has the votes for the tax scam bill. Keep the pressure on—call your Senators and tell them to vote NO!
Republicans have been rewriting this horrible tax plan behind closed doors, but they're still keen to rush a vote on it today. How reckless. I hope you’ve been making those calls.
We won’t be voting on the tax bill tonight, so keep making those calls and posting those tweets! Make sure your Senators hear from you about how this horrible tax plan could affect you or your family, then tell them to vote NO.
My friend @SenatorHeitkamp is raising awareness about a very important issue—the violence and horrific crimes experienced by Native American women. Let’s not keep this unnoticed any longer. https://t.co/h080mBqLrE
It is up to each and every one of us to stop the Republican tax plan in its tracks. Make your voice heard. https://t.co/rLc36ISqtE
This tax plan will hurt hard working middle class families in New York and across the country. If you care about this issue, I urge you to speak out. 
https://t.co/zGiHN1USEp
The Senate will be voting on the harmful Republican tax plan without the much-needed debate, oversight, and transparency it should have. I’m voting against it and I need you with me. Be heard today—do everything you can to speak out and oppose this plan.
The Republican tax plan puts the well-being of millions of seniors at risk. https://t.co/eVmBxR3pmx
Tax reform should reward work, not Wall Street. These promises are nothing more than corporate welfare. 

https://t.co/WVnIkDQQA8
I voted against Kathleen Hartnett White's nomination to serve as Chair of the Council on Environmental Quality. Her views on issues ranging from climate change, to the role of science, to clean air regulations are deeply troubling and make her unfit for this position. https://t.co/JI9CTaHDqO
A good tax system should do three things: It should reward work. It should be fair for working families. It should help create good-paying jobs. 

The Republican tax plan does none of that.
As millions in Puerto Rico and USVI remain without access to food, water, or power, the federal government has an obligation to put forth a massive recovery effort, a new Marshall Plan. 

Today, I joined several colleagues to move forward on legislation that will do just that. https://t.co/0rFj7HUr7N
The #MeToo Congress Act shouldn't be "particularly controversial, but passage is far from assured." That's why it's so important to be heard on this issue. Thanks to @USAToday for making the case.

https://t.co/8VGJ8B8K8R
The #MeToo Congress Act, my legislation with @RepSpeier, would finally bring real transparency to this process. Congress should come together to pass it. https://t.co/24YOTRD7fD
Let’s be clear about what the Republican tax plan really is: It is Washington corruption at its peak—nothing more than paying back donors through corporate welfare, at the expense of the middle class.
“It’s a lousy idea. And it deserves a heated response from the millions of Americans who work and create online every day.” An important read on #NetNeutrality from @JRosenworcel: 
https://t.co/6KDkCFLuj4
The harmful Republican tax plan could come to a vote as soon as this week. You know what to do—speak out against it. It’s as easy as a quick phone call to Congress: (202) 224-3121
Here’s how we make change: Put more women in leadership, from the U.S. military, to boardrooms, to Congress.
Sexual harassment is not confined to any one industry or any one person, it’s prevalent across society—and it’s our obligation to confront it, change the climate, and hold people accountable.
I’m fighting to #PassMJIA because sexual assault cases must be handled by trained military prosecutors to ensure predators are held accountable and the retaliation against survivors ends. Speak out and join me: https://t.co/LhxEyUy8y7 https://t.co/R3yc5RCaxU
Small businesses are deeply important to our communities in New York State and across the country. I hope you'll support them and #ShopSmall today! 

Will you tell me how you're celebrating #SmallBizSat?
Very proud of this win: We worked across the aisle to include a provision in the defense spending bill that will help support the military families who make enormous sacrifices for our country.
https://t.co/iGUihTdC60
It has been nearly two months since Congress let health insurance coverage expire for almost 9 million children. That is cruel and absurd. I hope you’ll call on your representatives to reauthorize CHIP as soon as possible.
As we celebrate Thanksgiving, we must not forget that hunger affects all types of communities across New York State and the country. Let’s keep supporting efforts to end this problem once and for all. 
https://t.co/RSCtdek6ZP
I’m very grateful to get to spend time with my family today. This year, the boys and I made an apple cobbler. Wishing you and your loved ones a very happy Thanksgiving! https://t.co/G0neBpqt45
A federal court has blocked the Trump administration’s efforts to ban transgender troops from serving in our military. This is a victory for equality, for everyone who raised their voices and, most of all, for the brave trans people who serve in our armed forces. https://t.co/YxRuxORy5N
I’m joining my colleagues to demand a vote on the Dream Act by the end of the year. There is no excuse. Congress must act to protect the lives of Dreamers and their families, whose lives have been thrown into complete uncertainty.
https://t.co/YC3zTfMa7G
#NetNeutrality is good for our economy and vital to our freedom of speech. I urge you to raise your voice on this. Do not let the FCC take away a free and open internet.
@MomsDemand Thank you for doing incredibly important work in advocating for the gun safety reforms we desperately need. Keep raising your voices!
I’m hearing from families in every corner of my state who are already struggling just to stay afloat. If the Republican tax plan passes, there's a good chance they will take a big hit. We must defeat this awful bill.
The FCC is siding with big corporations by releasing a plan to claw back #NetNeutrality rules. They were hoping you wouldn’t notice. We must fight back to defend a free and open internet.
We need to #passMJIA to create a military justice system worthy of the women and men who serve our country. I need you with us in this fight. Sign the pledge to say you’re in: https://t.co/EtsJkTbzVK https://t.co/I18eVGKShB
This decision puts tens of thousands of Haitian families, who make important contributions to our communities, in harm’s way. What an astounding lack of compassion. https://t.co/h7bbAiRkVb
There’s still time to #GetCovered! Open enrollment is happening now until December 15. Head over to https://t.co/rJyLTZEisH and sign up now.
“There is no debate. The middle class will pay more in taxes than under current law, and the rich will pay less.” https://t.co/DmIz7dcbq8
I am placing a hold on Michael Dourson’s nomination to lead the EPA’s chemical safety office. Here’s why: 
https://t.co/Tj1a9AiT9a
A reminder: Senate Republicans are trying to pass a tax bill that will leave millions of Americans uninsured and raise insurance prices, all so that they can slash taxes for billionaires and big corporations. 

It’s up to all of us to speak out and stop it.
Today, I headed to the steps of the Lincoln Memorial to join the #UnityMarchForPuertoRico. It was amazing be with so many standing strong on behalf of our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico &amp; USVI. We will not give up. Let's keep fighting to get them the relief needed to rebuild. https://t.co/K0RXaXsQ9M
I spoke with @jestei &amp; @nytimes about how sexual assault and harassment are confronted across our institutions. The brave survivors who’ve shared their stories have brought forth a moment of reckoning. Together, by raising our voices alongside them, we can become better. https://t.co/1I4GHhtWx8
ICYMI: I introduced a bill with @RepSpeier to address sexual harassment on Capitol Hill. Learn more about our efforts:
https://t.co/nuzGm591Hc
The White House’s request for disaster aid is not nearly enough to help the recovery efforts in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. https://t.co/G55WnB2S6D
@callyrgf @RepKClark Thank you @aminatou, @annfriedman for having me! Let’s keep working to encourage more women to run (and win!) up and down the ballot.
As elected officials, we should be held to the highest standards—not the lowest. https://t.co/d2kYIP2vKt
The men and women who serve in our military deserve a justice system worthy of their sacrifices. Join me in committing to fight for them by telling Congress to #PassMJIA now: 
https://t.co/QlfLvpkLWM
This tax plan hurts middle class families to give tax cuts to the wealthy and big corporations—and the Senate version is even worse.

Sound the alarm. It's time to speak out. https://t.co/NTSQjCAHOM
The allegations against Sen. Franken are deeply concerning. This kind of behavior is unacceptable and should not be tolerated anywhere in our society. There is nothing funny about it and there is no excuse for it. The Ethics Committee deserves answers from him.
There should be no more excuses. The status quo must end. Listen to the stories of military sexual assault survivors. Listen to their experiences. Then, please join me in this fight. Let’s do everything we can to #PassMJIA.
Today, we renewed our bipartisan push in Congress to pass the Military Justice Improvement Act, a bill that would take the prosecution of serious crimes, like sexual assault, from the military chain of command to give to independent, trained military prosecutors.
How much longer must our brave service members wait before we finally do the right thing?
Top officials continue to say that they will fix this problem. Every Secretary of Defense, beginning with Dick Cheney in the early 90’s, has pledged 'zero tolerance.’ Yet nothing has changed. The system is still broken. We continue to have little accountability.
In recent months, scandal after scandal has made clear that sexual assault and harassment remain pervasive in our military.
Senate Republicans are using their tax plan to sneakily repeal part of Obamacare and leave millions uninsured. I need you to speak out—add your name to fight back: https://t.co/TyjfQa9TCx
This is amazing to hear. Congratulations to you, @RossMoRock, and the entire @runforsomething team! https://t.co/k4ccE0UBsG
When it comes to addressing sexual harassment, Congress should not play by their own set of rules. As elected officials, we should be held to the highest standards. 

We need reform—and I'll be working with @RepSpeier to get us there. https://t.co/TkEsKDMPeC
Completely unconscionable that Republicans want to kick 13 million off of health insurance in the name of tax cuts for corporations and the wealthiest Americans.
Yet another senseless act of violence. How many more of these tragedies must occur until we see real, meaningful action from Congress? 
https://t.co/FxCXjX86nJ
Republicans are now looking to gut health care for their corporate giveaways. All the more reason to speak out against this harmful tax plan. https://t.co/IVsHR3jcmZ
We shouldn’t add to the burden of the millions of young graduates who are drowning in student debt. https://t.co/sPALEb82Uo
It's National Run for Office Day! If you're thinking about running, I encourage you to go for it. #runforsomething https://t.co/r7CjQybFSZ https://t.co/a6Q76gWkv2
Because of you, we defeated Trumpcare three times. It is absolutely critical to do the same for the harmful Republican tax plan. Please, take the time to contact your elected officials this week on this issue. Be heard.
Red flag. While an executive at Eli Lilly, Alex Azar, Trump’s new HHS pick, oversaw questionable spikes in insulin prices. https://t.co/83sxIyGDg1
We should be rewarding work in this country, not doling out lavish tax cuts to big businesses, CEOs, and bankers.
The Republican tax plan will hurt many New York families.

Today, I joined @NydiaVelazquez, @BilldeBlasio, @SenSchumer and advocates at City Hall in NYC to speak out. If you care about this issue, I hope you'll speak out too, in whatever way you can. https://t.co/jI5LKswFcM
I cannot say this clearly enough: If you're not rich—if you’re part of a hard working, middle class family—then there’s a good chance you'll take a hit if the Republican tax plan passes.
Today, we honor the incredible service and sacrifice of our veterans and their families. We are so grateful. Thank you, and happy #VeteransDay. https://t.co/A6a7OhCdlQ
I’m introducing legislation to change the way that sexual harassment is addressed in the halls of Congress. Yesterday, I spoke to @mitchellreports about it: https://t.co/fBzx239J5L
Puerto Ricans are not receiving the food relief that they desperately need. My colleagues and I are taking action to fix this by fighting to increase food aid funding in the disaster relief bill. 
https://t.co/sKboFgXgKw
During last night’s #CNNTownHall on sexual harassment, I spoke about the bravery of the women and men who have come forward to say #MeToo. https://t.co/WkvoHgvRmF
A very happy birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps! Thank you to every Marine who has served and who continues to serve.
Four women all with shocking stories. I believe them.
Appalling. There’s no question Roy Moore is unfit for office. https://t.co/CCtA9VpOfa
If you thought the House tax plan was bad, the Senate plan is worse. This is corporate welfare at the expense of the middle class.
These women are rising up to own our democracy. How amazing to see! https://t.co/Wcc8RZi2lC
The Republican tax plan is a blatant attempt to hand the collective wealth and resources of our country to rich corporations on the Fortune 500 list.
To the voters who made themselves heard last night: Our victories across the country belong to you—and we're just getting started. Next year, let’s build on this momentum to take back the House and Senate.
New Yorkers, there is still time to head to the polls today! You can confirm your polling place here: https://t.co/PKxMC8QIoo
@JenAshleyWright @harpersbazaarus That’s right—it’s time for every woman to get out there and raise her voice. It was a pleasure to speak!
In the wake of the mass shooting in Texas, I spoke out to demand immediate action on gun violence. 
https://t.co/pxXU5ag2Jj
Happy #ElectionDay! Get out there and vote to take back the future for ourselves, our families and one another. https://t.co/xysWg1TIrC
No excuse for this. I'm calling on the Department of Defense to audit old case files to prevent this deadly error from happening again. https://t.co/J9i7o9N15W
We create change when we make our voices heard. Tomorrow is #ElectionDay—make sure you know where to vote: https://t.co/9zHX2AWP2O
Plain and simple, Americans are being slaughtered and Congress is refusing to stand up for them. This is a monumental failure of leadership.
I reject the notion that it is “too soon” to act on gun violence. If not now, when? We cannot wait any longer.
How many times can our hearts break for communities in America ripped apart by gun violence? We can never allow this to be the new normal. https://t.co/E20xAC72JE
@BilldeBlasio @JuanitaForMayor @MayorByronBrown @LauraCurran2017 @Vote4Latimer @MPorette @wpmayorroach @Andrea4CoExec We need these people fighting for New York &amp; they’re counting on your support. So make a plan to #vote on Tuesday, then head to the polls!
@BilldeBlasio @JuanitaForMayor @MayorByronBrown @LauraCurran2017 @Vote4Latimer @MPorette @wpmayorroach .@Andrea4CoExec has the experience and good judgement to lead Rensselaer County. She’ll be a true advocate for the community.
@BilldeBlasio @JuanitaForMayor @MayorByronBrown @LauraCurran2017 @Vote4Latimer @MPorette @wpmayorroach Tracey Edwards has a proven record of governing &amp; managing responsibly. She’ll be a fighter for Huntington. https://t.co/2tZ16CCeqD
@BilldeBlasio @JuanitaForMayor @MayorByronBrown @LauraCurran2017 @Vote4Latimer @MPorette White Plains residents have a strong advocate in @wpmayorroach. I hope he can continue leading us forward.
@BilldeBlasio @JuanitaForMayor @MayorByronBrown @LauraCurran2017 @Vote4Latimer .@MPorette’s strong, compassionate leadership is the kind we need more of. We need her fighting for Rockland County's families.
@BilldeBlasio @JuanitaForMayor @MayorByronBrown @LauraCurran2017 .@Vote4Latimer cares deeply about those he represents in Westchester County, and is never afraid to tackle difficult problems.
@BilldeBlasio @JuanitaForMayor @MayorByronBrown .@LauraCurran2017 understands that we’re here to serve the people who elect us. Nassau County needs her leadership and vision.
@BilldeBlasio @JuanitaForMayor In working with @MayorByronBrown, I've seen firsthand the way he'll continue making Buffalo residents a top priority. Proud to support him.
@BilldeBlasio As a mother, attorney, and veteran, @JuanitaforMayor is committed to building a strong community in Syracuse. We need her leadership.
@BilldeBlasio Mayor Lovely Warren is a fierce advocate who I know will lead the city of Rochester to a brighter future. https://t.co/ovnEQZyUu1
.@BilldeBlasio is a staunch, progressive champion who will always put New York City’s families first. I’m proud to work alongside him.
#ElectionDay is Tuesday! I’m thrilled to support many great New York Democrats up and down the ballot &amp; I'd like to share a bit about them.
.@LarryKorb: “It’s time to do what our allies have done or this problem will continue to get worse.” https://t.co/lQxM6sRlbi
My bill would increase accountability and transparency in the sexual harassment reporting process.
Today, I’ve announced that I will introduce comprehensive legislation to combat sexual harassment in Congressional offices.
For an issue as serious as sexual harassment, Congress should never play by their own set of rules.
https://t.co/gvrQCDl8kW
I’ll sum up the new Republican tax plan: The super-rich and big corporations get kickbacks, middle class Americans are left in the dust.
Years of corporate donations are paying off today as House Republicans unveil their new tax plan.
Open enrollment has begun. Don't forget to sign up! Head to https://t.co/bVtCo3jTSA or https://t.co/rJyLTZVTkf to #GetCovered today.
This bill, introduced by @RepEspillat and @RepDanDonovan in the House, would help protect pedestrians and bicyclists—and keep cities safer.
Today, I introduced the Senate version of the STOP Act, which will provide funding for traffic barriers in cities across the country.
But we must remain vigilant and learn all the lessons from yesterday's attack, including strengthening our infrastructure for the future.
New Yorkers are resilient. No cowardly act of terror can change who we are.
This is not who we are. The New Yorkers I know pull together and roll up their sleeves to help in times of tragedy. https://t.co/kAj9sEFrCs
As NYC has shown over and over, we are resilient. We will not cower to senseless hate. I am confident we will get answers.
A horrific act of terror in NYC today. My heart is with the victims and families—I am grateful to the NYPD, FDNY, EMS, NYS police and FBI.
It’s clear: We need more women in public office. Will you be part of this movement?  
https://t.co/JLAnQaW4MF
The Republican tax plan will raise middle class taxes to pay for corporate welfare and giveaways to billionaires. 
https://t.co/qhX53k9wjl
This movement belongs to every woman who is marching, protesting, speaking out—and we're not finished yet. #WomensConvention https://t.co/7KVhoKaIBo
This morning, I had a great time speaking with @ZerlinaMaxwell for a @SIRIUSXM town hall. Watch our full discussion: https://t.co/RYMAcYRiP5 https://t.co/bYEGJniDcc
@clairecmc So sorry to hear, Claire. Thinking of you both and wishing for a swift recovery.
I’m glad to hear that the courts have ruled against this harmful, misguided ban on transgender troops. https://t.co/kCkgf53ZZN
My statement on today’s indictments in FBI Special Counsel Bob Mueller’s investigation of the Trump campaign. https://t.co/xvw9UZl1hI
This survey makes a clear case for taking the prosecution of military sexual assault cases out of the chain of command. https://t.co/4wGe5Hf9rJ
Excited for New York State to set an example for the nation as they begin a new paid family leave policy. https://t.co/4R21Zz78mG
5 years since #Sandy hit communities across NY, we must recognize the work left to do to help our families still struggling to recover.
Inspired by the energy and enthusiasm of the #WomensConvention. It was an honor to attend and to speak! https://t.co/5iex0fr1LX
I can't wait to take the stage at the #WomensConvention tonight. Are you attending or watching? If so, tell me what you're excited about!
Republicans in Congress took a big step toward giving tax breaks to big corporations, while taking one away from middle-class taxpayers. https://t.co/FAWBsvggLa
See you soon, Detroit! #WomensConvention https://t.co/7rwgBznY5i
Every Secretary of Defense since Dick Cheney has claimed to have zero tolerance for military sexual assault.
https://t.co/86AbUuak67
Any plan to end the opioid epidemic must include ending the over-prescription of these medications for acute pain.
It is Scott Pruitt's job to get toxic PCBs out of the Hudson River. We'll keep holding him accountable. 
https://t.co/Yn6XKLzHBy
Dreamers are leaders, teachers, innovators, and scientists. We must do what we can to give them a path to citizenship.
An important read in @USATODAY. It is appalling that top military officials are committing these kinds of crimes. https://t.co/ZYliFZdIth
Dourson would be required to protect Americans from being poisoned by companies who've paid him. I don't trust him with that responsibility. https://t.co/gjQcaHJwau
What we need now is a new Marshall Plan. That's the only way Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands can fully recover and rebuild.
I voted for the Disaster Relief funding bill, but I want to be clear that it is not enough to help with Puerto Rico &amp; USVI's recovery.
This move is bad for consumers, bad for transparency, good for big corporations. I'm voting against it.
Forced arbitration helps corporations take away your legal rights to sue for wrongdoings.
The Senate GOP is calling a vote on a bill to make it easier for corporations to use forced arbitration—a practice that harms consumers.
Women have come so far, but we have much more to do, and I can’t wait to talk about it at the #WomensConvention. Will I see you there?
The suffragists give us inspiration &amp; courage in our fights to ensure equal pay &amp; end domestic violence, fights started over 150 years ago.
The only silver lining of the Trump presidency is that more women are speaking out, fighting back, &amp; running for office in record numbers.
I am excited to head to Detroit on Friday to join the #WomensConvention and build upon the progress of the women’s movement. https://t.co/uazJXg2N4X
.@Bakari_Sellers, it was such a pleasure to speak with you last week! Listen to our conversation on the latest episode of #ViewPoint: https://t.co/WA1pC6Momn
.@MMFlint, thanks for having me on your final Broadway show! Congrats on a great run &amp; for urging people to take action &amp; make a difference. https://t.co/IUujPHXbht
My bill, the Stop CEO Excessive Pay Act, would close this loophole. That's what real tax reform looks like.
https://t.co/3RxSjt0djh
Did you know that big corporations can get massive tax deductions for paying excessively high salaries to their CEOs?
I'd say so. https://t.co/m8Jl5Y8yrC
Republicans are putting big corporations and the rich over middle class families saving for retirement. Terrible. https://t.co/3akpmAtJls
Of course—caregivers do critical work to support families across New York and the country. I’m glad to support them.
https://t.co/GjomTi800Y
That's right! It's why we all need to keep fighting for a $15 minimum wage. https://t.co/3Z765EmF3o
I stand with IBEW Local 3 and all of our union brothers and sisters who are fighting for economic equality. https://t.co/POBHZdEd8x
More, and immediate, action is needed to help Puerto Rico on the long road to recovery. https://t.co/XT0OCos61i
Happy #SpiritDay—today and everyday, let’s show our support for #LGBTQ youth and stand together against all forms of bullying.
Wishing a joyful and happy #Diwali to all celebrating the Festival of Lights in New York and around the world!
I'm proud to join @PattyMurray, @LouiseSlaughter, @RepDianaDeGette on a bill to reverse Pres. Trump's rollback of the birth control mandate.
It is nothing short of horrifying that these anti-Semitic acts happen in New York—or anywhere in America. https://t.co/c41y7tOxBL
On ending sexual assault in the military, @supriya_venk courageously says: "It is too big and important a job to be left to a few good men." https://t.co/XwwdMoSDt5
This is disrespectful to the Senate's role in the nomination process and to families who are worried about the effects of toxic chemicals.
Dourson shouldn't set foot inside the EPA at all, but definitely not before the Senate has had the chance to vote on him. https://t.co/4mHSyAlPQU
If you’re a member of Congress and not even willing to renew health insurance funding for vulnerable children, then who are you serving?
It's another heartless budget that would lead to taking from working families, seniors, children, the sick and poor to give to the top 1%.
It's another heartless budget that would lead to cuts to education, health care, affordable housing, child care—programs working people need
Let's be clear: The Senate GOP budget is a vehicle to a huge tax cut for big corporations &amp; the rich, written by big corporations &amp; the rich
Let me tell you the words I wish someone had said to me 20 years ago: 

You should run for office. 

https://t.co/ZKhAkkGRMb
If you're outraged, the first vote on Michael Dourson (a chemical industry insider) to regulate chemicals at the EPA is tomorrow.
As Tom Marino withdraws his nomination to be drug czar, perhaps the president should stop nominating industry shills altogether.
To survivors who have shown extraordinary courage by speaking up: You're not alone. We're listening. And we believe you.
Congress must still take up the unfinished business of renewing health insurance for 9 million children. Have you made your voice heard yet?
Grateful to @jonlovett and @crookedmedia for having me on #lovettorleaveit! Listen to our chat: https://t.co/zDIeni6PjB https://t.co/ZbRuFJl1D5
It’s our responsibility to stand up for those who fight for us. 
https://t.co/3ZYnjl3Rqw
Ending ACA subsidies makes no sense. It helps no one—and if you aren’t helping people, you should go home.
This decision will be devastating for the middle class. It increases premiums and could leave up to a million people uninsured.
The president’s decision to end ACA subsidies is a cruel attempt to play partisan politics with our health care.
Congress must reject any effort to unilaterally renegotiate the agreement, and instead work with our allies to enforce the deal fully.
This purely political act undermines the US’s position in the world &amp; strengthens Iran’s while sending an unfortunate message to North Korea https://t.co/Lnjbc0kYQZ
When there's a crisis, we pull together, and never leave a fellow American behind. I wrote about PR for @Refinery29: https://t.co/dCLrlBc2qN
This is nowhere near close to the amount of funding needed to rebuild. We must go further to help. https://t.co/Q6RgVNZzQu
It was fun to spend time with @JonnyVanMeter again for @voguemagazine to talk about these intense times. https://t.co/iVxbub3AgF
This will sabotage health insurance markets and will be catastrophic for millions of Americans, whose coverage will become more expensive. https://t.co/ZcRpjNnEYA
We should be doing much, much more to help—that's why we need a Marshall-style plan to rebuild Puerto Rico as soon as possible.
This is absolutely shameful. It is your obligation to keep them there as long as our fellow Americans are in crisis. https://t.co/IiVtJAPK1Q
Let's encourage every girl to raise her voice, trust her power, and be a force for change. 

Happy International #DayoftheGirl! https://t.co/gC17gV0QGi
In 2017, no boss should get to decide a woman’s access to birth control. I’m sick of these relentless attempts to roll back our progress.
Many are trying to bring desperately needed resources to loved ones Puerto Rico. We must all step up, too https://t.co/8ijK2zmX7i
It would serve the Trump administration well to quickly embrace the fact that climate change is real―our safety and security depend on it.
Congress can, and should, come together around Puerto Rico’s recovery. https://t.co/V8bR2oc2QR
Another move to cede our country’s leadership on global climate change. A terrible decision. https://t.co/v6S7A7TbP9
After traveling to PR to see the relief effort, it is clear that there is much more work to be done to help our fellow citizens recover. https://t.co/z4WIhlcszm
Tomorrow, I’m heading to Puerto Rico to see how we can help our fellow citizens recover as quickly as possible. https://t.co/EDHtRE5TlG
Needless to say, I will be voting against Michael Dourson's nomination to lead the EPA's chemical safety office. https://t.co/ZFEPAh2gGg
A woman’s health care decisions should be made between her and her doctor. No one else.
Women across the country will suffer because of this decision. This shouldn't have been up for debate in the first place. We'll fight back. https://t.co/XcIwzieC3z
I need Kyrsten in the Senate with me fighting for our values. This is critical: Will you send her your support? https://t.co/iV3KarzIGv https://t.co/Lc7ONYTHor
For $1.5 trillion, we could
• Lift 3.2 million kids out of poverty
• Guarantee paid family leave
• Make public college tuition free
The Senate GOP tax plan adds about $1.5 trillion to the deficit over next decade, all for tax cuts for the wealthy. https://t.co/woCqSkjKMl
Enough is enough. We must work around the clock to prevent senseless gun violence. Here’s one of many solutions: 
https://t.co/oJYYrpmc2N
Spread the word and speak out to pass the #DREAMAct. https://t.co/0GPgWlBcLl
It would be shameful for Washington to turn its back on our fellow American citizens in Puerto Rico. https://t.co/UMt42PPJrE
If middle class &amp; low income New Yorkers have to pay more in taxes, and large corporations don't, it's a bad plan. 
https://t.co/wfwzJOL6zL
Women's reproductive rights are not negotiable. If they refuse to give up their attacks, we'll keep fighting back. 
Rise up and speak out.
It's astounding: Republican leaders will never end their near-constant attempts to roll back women's access to health care.
The House has voted to attack women's reproductive rights once again. It's a horrific piece of legislation.
Inspired by the hotel workers in Albany, and by workers across New York State, who are fighting for the wages and benefits they deserve. https://t.co/iPdZ1wNSad
Ending DACA doesn’t make our country safer or our economy stronger. I hope you’ll lead where the president won’t and stand up for Dreamers.
Congress must take gun violence as seriously as the threat of terrorism. If you agree, call your representatives today.
This senseless violence must end—thoughts and prayers are simply not enough. We must act to prevent this from happening again.
Devastated to hear of the horrific tragedy in Las Vegas. My heart is with the victims and families. Grateful to the responders at the scene.
Millions of Americans in Puerto Rico and USVI have no food, no water, no power. Here's how to help. https://t.co/lT2kcmVAZe
A tax bill written by the rich and powerful for the rich and powerful. https://t.co/emlkUwyf07
We can, and we must, come together to support and fight for transgender service members. https://t.co/Pzb4Zn880W
CHIP expires tonight. Congress must act—join me in fighting for coverage for 9 million kids. This should be a no brainer.
Offensive. When millions in Puerto Rico are in crisis, the president should be better than this. https://t.co/ca52gNgHUZ
.@KyrstenSinema is a powerhouse. I’m glad to hear that she’s #offthesidelines and running for Senate! https://t.co/bvrVy1N1xL
American citizens are dying. This is horrific. We must act with urgency. https://t.co/MwLCvM1npf
Opening our doors to refugees helps our economy and our role in the world. Powerful words from Adm. Mullen. https://t.co/OmwaKrA2nu
I will vote against @AjitPaiFCC. We must protect net neutrality rules on behalf of freedom of speech and innovation.
New Yorkers: This year’s "I Voted" sticker will celebrate 100 years of women's suffrage in NY. Pick your favorite! https://t.co/eQ274XZ0iK
Trump's tax plan helps large profitable corporations and millionaires, shortchanges lower income workers and the middle class. A cruel joke.
“Any individual who meets the standards should be afforded the opportunity to serve.” I agree. https://t.co/YhsKQJGzyb
Today was a victory in our fight to save health care for millions. But remember this: The fight won't end until we flip the House &amp; Senate.
Thank you. Your calls, letters, tweets, and actions helped to stop the health care vote. Never underestimate the power of your voice.
We cannot ignore the unfolding tragedy in Puerto Rico. Congress must act now to help. It is our obligation. https://t.co/TtYqb0Tjaf
#GrahamCassidy would end funding to Planned Parenthood and harm women in many other ways. https://t.co/ZU0b5biZwc
It is clear that millions of Americans would be harmed by #GrahamCassidy. This bill would hurt many families.
Blocking students, business people, tourists &amp; family members of U.S. citizens from coming here, for no good reason, doesn’t make us safer. https://t.co/Fmzq9bbaip
Checking in: Have you called your Senators this morning to help protect health care for millions of Americans?
Our fellow American citizens in Puerto Rico are in crisis and need our help. Here are some ways to do your part. https://t.co/zLoGn2PaVc
ICYMI: @BetsyDeVosED is pulling us back to a time when campus sexual assault was swept under the rug. 
https://t.co/sIS59fmBBs
In cases like this, Scott Pruitt and the EPA have important roles to play in protecting farmers and consumers. Where are they? https://t.co/oCzRkD6mE1
An informative thread. Read and learn more about our work to expand child care on college campuses. https://t.co/sUS5UaTaTj
A quick note to all women: 
Have you thought about running for office? https://t.co/jbj8Sm2BTQ
With so many unanswered questions around these cyber attacks, we need a 9/11-style commission to investigate what happened. https://t.co/aN2hD8PcBS
This fight still isn't over—please keep up the calls to stop the #GrahamCassidy bill once and for all.
Shameful. This decision will hurt and betray students, plain and simple. https://t.co/b2syuMM4ma
.@iamsambee called my office this week to ask if I was voting against #GrahamCassidy. Now, it’s your turn to call your Senators today! https://t.co/fcE6anHQM4
Let's demand a military justice system that is transparent, effective, and worthy of our service members. 
https://t.co/O8sDj8EKLz
Right-to-work laws weaken workers’ voices in the workplace. I’m joining @SenWarren and @SenSherrodBrown to push back https://t.co/RRllKxnDgV
Sending strength to our friends in Puerto Rico today. Melissa, thank you for your insight and for taking the time to speak with me. https://t.co/jAqo8KIKXF
Evergreen. https://t.co/QK7xka21yK
Senate Republicans could have the votes to pass #GrahamCassidy. We must do everything we can to stop this awful bill. Speak out. https://t.co/f11goS0TSk
It’s time to pass the #DREAMAct for the 800,000 young people who know only the United States as their home.
Proud to work with @ProtectRDfnders, who have pushed hard for important change in our military justice system. https://t.co/Dz1eGUirq9
.@jimmykimmel explains how #GrahamCassidy will harm millions of Americans. A powerful monologue. https://t.co/03vPPkX0xF
L'Shanah Tovah to all celebrating Rosh Hashanah. Sending my warmest wishes for a happy New Year.
We need all hands on deck. Please take the time to contact your Senator and tell them to vote NO on #GrahamCassidy. Your calls matter.
#GrahamCassidy will hurt New Yorkers, who could lose nearly $19 billion in health care funding.
#GrahamCassidy is yet another health care repeal bill that will roll back protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions.
#GrahamCassidy is yet another health care repeal bill that will have a devastating impact on women's access to reproductive health care.
#GrahamCassidy is yet another health care repeal bill that will kick millions off of coverage.
Senate Republicans are once again showing little regard for transparency. https://t.co/iuYc6fOYnL
Senate Republicans will keep trying to repeal the ACA up until Sept 30. We stopped these attempts before, it’s on us to stop it again.
Thinking of those in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, &amp; the Caribbean who'll be impacted by Hurricane Maria. Please find shelter &amp; stay safe https://t.co/07bAyTSrQD
Do not let the Senate GOP rip health care away from millions. Contact your Senators today and tell them to oppose the Graham-Cassidy bill. https://t.co/3iAl6NaAat
One thing Betsy DeVos could do to address campus sexual assault: Support the Campus Accountability and Safety Act. https://t.co/pAyNDD1Jai
This week, we must push back on yet another attempt by Senate Republicans to repeal the ACA. Your voice is needed. #GrahamCassidy
“Wouldn’t you pay $7 a year to get money out of politics?” A great conversation with @ChelseaHandler.
https://t.co/C292hW1gLa
That’s right: Transgender people are not a burden. We won’t stop fighting for them. 
https://t.co/bHLhykICLX
As I’ve talked to people all across New York, one thing has become clear to me: Health care shouldn’t be a partisan issue. #MedicareforAll
People willing to put their lives on the line for this country shouldn’t have to endure this kind of uncertainty. 
https://t.co/lSaVrrkMI1
Senate Republicans are moving quickly to try to pass yet another bill to repeal Obamacare. We must push back. https://t.co/gVrftKb8M3
Had a wonderful conversation with the @PodSaveAmerica team this week. You can listen to it here: 
https://t.co/OAvXXaFvkW
No one, neither the Russians nor large corporations, should have the ability to influence our elections from the shadows. https://t.co/D4FBDpMq4o
Learn more about what's next in our fight to protect transgender service members. https://t.co/2GKU37TbBF
It's time to urge your member of Congress to support this bill. Speak up for our trans service members who deserve to stay in uniform.
This fight isn't over. I've turned my amendment into a bipartisan bill &amp; introduced it with @SenJohnMcCain, @SenatorCollins, &amp; @SenJackReed
Yesterday, Sen. McConnell cut off debate on the defense bill and we didn't get to vote to protect trans service members. I'm outraged.
.@LindseyGrahamSC and I introduced a bill to put together a 9/11-style commission to look into vulnerabilities in our election systems.
The 2018 elections are not too far away. There isn’t much time, and we must take action soon.
Americans deserve a clear understanding of how, when, and why we were attacked in 2016. It’s time to get to the bottom of what happened.
Our country’s election systems remain vulnerable to cyber attack. We must figure out how we are vulnerable and how we can fix it.
Too many insurance companies value profit more than the people they’re supposed to help. It's time for something better. #MedicareforAll
Let’s fight back to make sure @BetsyDeVosED and the Department of Ed do not turn their backs on survivors of campus sexual assault. https://t.co/TTkiTR1DOM
She was the grande dame of civil rights for gay Americans. https://t.co/4FPSnKfTUC
@AlyssaMastro44 @TeenVogue @PodSaveAmerica You’ll have to wait and see—hope you all tune in!
Transgender men and women who love our country enough to risk their lives for it, and even die for it, deserve to stay in our military.
Our current health care system leaves too many uninsured or unable to access the care they need. That’s why we must pass #MedicareforAll.
Congratulations to @Lin_Manuel who just accepted the 2017 Freedom Award from @USCapHis. A well-deserved honor! https://t.co/Jqp6JMshqf
Edie Windsor was larger than life, and her leadership was indispensable to our fight for equality. Thank you, Edie. We will miss you. https://t.co/fuNX2cDAT7
If you believe every American should have good, affordable health care, join me in supporting Medicare for All. https://t.co/Sx8OSHh95q
Health care is a right, not a privilege. This week, I'll proudly join Senator @BernieSanders to co-sponsor Medicare for All.
As the defense bill heads to the Senate, I introduced an amendment with @SenatorCollins to protect our transgender service members. https://t.co/0oQbxvMfkM
Today, we honor those lost on September 11, 2001, and remember the courage and heroism of our first responders.
Supporting caregivers is critical to healthy families and a strong country. I'm glad to hear @NA4Caregiving giving supports the #FAMILYAct. https://t.co/yM2VoBbQYb
Will I see you at my town hall in Brooklyn on Sunday? I hope you can join us. https://t.co/E1fTceDf8k
No current active duty service member should be discharged based on their gender identity. #ProtectTransTroops
It takes resolve and unrelenting persistence to fight for what you believe in. Grateful to @RollingStone for letting me make the case. https://t.co/v2o6uaHuoA
This betrays students. @BetsyDeVosED should be doing everything she can to make Title IX enforcement stronger. https://t.co/Kt6GO0XoIQ
You spoke out to protect health care. Now, it's time to speak out to protect Dreamers. Make those calls.
Today at the Department of Ed, I called on @BetsyDeVosED to protect Title IX guidance for campus sexual assault survivors. #INeedIX https://t.co/HyX1s62k1z
Diversity is our strength. This country thrives because of immigrants.
Thinking of those in Puerto Rico, the US Virgin Islands, Florida, and all areas in Hurricane Irma's path. Stay safe.
This race to the bottom is not what American workers need. They need living wages and overtime protections. https://t.co/mkIcdXDoWe
It's time to give Dreamers the path to citizenship that they rightly deserve and pass the DREAM Act.
Moving to end DACA will not make our communities safer or our economy stronger.
It's simply wrong to needlessly target hardworking young adults in order to score political points. #DefendDACA
DACA has helped hundreds of thousands of young people come out of the shadows and achieve their dreams. #DefendDACA
Beautifully said, @RichardTrumka. Thank you for standing up for paid leave. https://t.co/Vckk33lz8l
This #LaborDay, I’m saying it loud and clear: It’s time to recommit ourselves to fighting for strong American unions https://t.co/qzkgQSm5R0
Dreamers have only ever called the U.S. their home. This is their country. 

This action is an affront to who we are as Americans. https://t.co/lemLcEP8sa
Stay informed about the Trump admin’s efforts to undermine workers’ rights—then speak out against them. https://t.co/NlZKRxkldB #LaborDay
Enjoying your #LaborDay weekend? Thank the unions, who have raised the bar for the entire American workforce.
It’s time to raise our voices in support of #paidleave for our workers, our businesses, our families. #LaborDay
With so much that we care about at risk, it’s never been more important for all of us to speak out and stand up for our values.
For #LaborDay, @SherylSandberg makes a compelling case for the #FAMILYAct. https://t.co/QEbdXgge1c
Stories like this demonstrate the need to change our laws and expand research into #medicalmarijuana. https://t.co/Tk3JeCc8Bc
The American people deserve a clear understanding of what happened and what our vulnerabilities are so that this never happens again. https://t.co/4GUpps2haV
Agreed. I was proud to have voted for the DREAM Act in the past. I will proudly keep fighting to pass it as a co-sponsor. https://t.co/FS372NzF0x
Ending wage transparency makes it harder to ensure equal pay. Another broken promise from this president. https://t.co/lxtRkqSBM3
It’s our responsibility to push back against this hateful policy. https://t.co/ZgCOCLNyAx
Ending DACA would impact the lives of hundreds of thousands of young people who contribute a great deal to this country. #DefendDACA
Grateful to the New York Guard and all New York first responders aiding in #Harvey rescue efforts. https://t.co/nXF33FJDpG
We're taking our town hall to Buffalo! Hope you can attend. I'd like to learn more about what's on your mind. https://t.co/XXR5oZn7mi
If you can, please help those impacted by #Harvey by donating to the @RedCross: Text HARVEY to 90999 or call 1-800-REDCROSS.
As I've said before, this is cruel and wrong. I will fight this for our trans men and women bravely serving in the armed forces. https://t.co/xdqeU8w8HM
Thinking of the families affected by #Harvey this weekend. Praying for those who have been hurt or have lost their lives.
Do you know a woman who should take the plunge and run for office? Ask her to run. Ask her today.
It is abundantly clear that sexual assault in the military remains a pervasive problem that puts troops at risk and harms military readiness https://t.co/HZQo1ij7jY
I'm heading to Kingston for a town hall on Saturday! Hope you'll join me if you're in the area. https://t.co/0UByCFeHFd
To all trans men and women serving bravely in the military: I plan to introduce legislation to fight back. We'll keep raising our voices. https://t.co/kvKLXe1aN4
Taxpayers have invested hundreds of millions to recruit and train transgender service members willing to fight and die for this country.
This move has little to do with military strength, and everything to do with discrimination and ignorant bigotry. 
https://t.co/kvKLXe1aN4
Katrinka, thank you for making your voice heard. Climate change is one of the most important issues of our time. https://t.co/IFCgJ9fV7L
It’s short-sighted to kill funding for a program that helps prevent teen pregnancy in Buffalo and across NY. https://t.co/2uVWcbZlzN
@POTUS I'll be calling for hearings in the Senate where Congress must demand accountability and transparency from this Administration.
Until @POTUS can define what success in Afghanistan looks like, sending more troops to fight there is a disservice to their sacrifice.
Child care in this country can have a hefty price tag—it's time to support working families by helping to lift the burden of these costs.
We must not give up hope; we must make it clear to those who live in fear that we stand with them and we support them.
We will never forget Robert and Raymond's sacrifice. My prayers are with their family and friends. https://t.co/hc5gB5ob0a
I've called on the Acting Secretary of the Army to rename West Point facilities that honor Confederate figures. https://t.co/DRmWs9O3i0
Silence is not an option—it is our responsibility to push back against hate. https://t.co/k1Vb6AkEeJ
It​'s a basic civil liberty for a woman to​ ​make her own​​ ​decisions about her​ ​reproductive​ ​health care. This move is​ ​unacceptable. https://t.co/kVmwIqjxkP
Leadership means standing up and speaking out when equality is in jeopardy and hateful ideologies undermine our common values.
Equality and justice are the lifeblood of our democracy and we must consistently defend and fight for those basic tenets.
Statues commemorating the Confederacy should not sit on pedestals, uplifted as a celebration in our cities.
America does not tolerate diversity; it thrives on it.
If he won’t lead, we have to. And we will. https://t.co/TYkBCcSmaW
Couldn't agree more. https://t.co/crdyhuMvqM
Wow, what a disgrace. There is only one side. No one, especially not the leader of the free world, should ever tolerate violent racists.
Dreamers deserve every chance and opportunity to keep contributing to the country that they love. #DefendDACA
Sending my condolences to the families of these two brave @82ndABNDiv Paratroopers—Sgt. Roshain Brooks of Brooklyn, NY &amp; Sgt. Allen Stigler https://t.co/5UxAEfVPTT
From revitalizing American manufacturing to raising wages, we must have long term conversations about building an economy that rewards work.
A strong national paid leave plan will lift up all American families. 
https://t.co/wyBxmFvV2M
I know we are better than this, but we must all speak out against this hate. Silence is not an option.
White supremacy and neo-Nazism have no place in America. Domestic terrorism like this cannot be tolerated.
The images out of Charlottesville are some of the worst I've seen in America in my adult life.
We must not remain silent or accept the hate and bigotry brought to Charlottesville, VA—or anywhere in this country.
The threat of climate change is real. We’ve seen the effects of extreme weather firsthand. It’s up to us to explain that to the White House.
I’ll keep working to help close the digital divide and make sure our rural communities can have access to high speed internet. https://t.co/FXF946VpnS
A great read about working moms sharing their experiences with pumping in the workplace. https://t.co/msnoRxGUxp
It was a pleasure to hold a town hall in my hometown of Troy, NY. A great discussion! Thank you to all who attended. https://t.co/oYLswUWlRf
Very grateful to @sherylsandberg for calling for a strong national paid leave program and supporting the #FAMLYAct. https://t.co/lxQFwzyGi3
.@SenAngusKing, I look forward to working with you to get paid leave to every American worker! Thank you for supporting the #FAMILYAct. https://t.co/yb5vYr9DNP
We must continue to demand that women have the freedom to make decisions about their own health care, their own lives.
Democracy works when people like you stand up and demand the changes you want to see.
Thank you for your leadership, Simone. A well-deserved honor and achievement. Go Army! https://t.co/gon3luee93
Almost half of all food stamp recipients are children. It is unconscionable that the President wants to cut food stamps in his budget.
If you’re in NYC and care about clean water, make yourself heard at the EPA’s meeting on Hudson River cleanup. https://t.co/7RW8DcgDMV
We're here to listen, to help people, to do good by those we serve. That's what matters. I'll work at it every single day.
We should never go back to the days when insurance companies could make women pay more for health insurance because of their gender.
This country is big enough and strong enough to welcome those who are in need and at-risk with open arms.
My bill to help level the playing field for women-owned small businesses is up for a vote in the Senate. https://t.co/8tatue7Ok6
For the cost of a cup of coffee a week, we can guarantee #paidleave for all American workers with the #FAMILYAct. https://t.co/jJrfElVssx
American workers cannot wait any longer for the family-friendly policies they deserve. It’s time to pass universal paid family leave #FMLA24
The Family Leave and Medical Act was enacted on this day 24 years ago. Today, we honor its promise of a family-friendly America. #FMLA24
A new study suggests the need to curb over-prescription of opioids—exactly what my bill with @SenJohnMcCain would do https://t.co/mqGDDMsa7z
Yes. https://t.co/Q9bibZhH1M
Diversity makes us stronger. It's wrong for Sessions and @TheJusticeDept to try to diminish this @SCOTUS decision on affirmative action. https://t.co/hQO0Po13Qr
We do not have to make compromises on protecting women’s health to win back the House or Senate.
A big challenge to tackle as we try to fix our health care system: Insurance companies putting profits over people.
You've got this, @AmyMcGrathKY. Honored to support your race. https://t.co/QKaVxJgVPa
Great to speak with residents in Queens with @RepGraceMeng and @MelindaKatz. Thank you to all who came out yesterday! https://t.co/eOZfV78szI
With so many issues on the line—health care, the economy, women’s health—I won’t focus on staff disputes. That’s not what I’m here for.
How can we claim to care about motherhood when we deny mothers the health care they desperately need? https://t.co/LDoXCl5Q5f
We can work together to solve problems in our health care system and forge a path for those who still need affordable care. It's possible.
At 63¢ to the dollar, black women face a more severe wage gap than women overall. That affects everyone. #BlackWomensEqualPay
As we fight to close the wage gap, we must keep talking about how it impacts women of color. https://t.co/tbxrTRFyUS #BlackWomensEqualPay
Trump’s cruel, discriminatory military transgender ban:
- insults our troops
- harms our national defense
- weakens our military
Imagine if half of Congress was women. If half of all mayors and governors were women. Imagine what could get done.
ICYMI: ​I’m taking steps to fight back against @POTUS’s damaging military transgender ban. Are you with me? https://t.co/akfgMnCfkB
The health care vote this week demonstrated the importance of every single voice. 

Your voice matters, never forget that.
It bears repeating: I will always stand with Planned Parenthood. 
https://t.co/wG1PnDdnQ9
If you’ve been standing up, speaking out, and saying no to policies that go against your values, I’ve got to tell you: it’s working.
My colleagues and I are urging Secretary Mattis not to carry out the President’s ban on transgender service members. https://t.co/5ZQ9saTpeH
Never forget that your voice matters, that you can change outcomes when you demand action. Keep fighting for the health care you deserve.
I’m ready to get to work to improve Obamacare and build a health care system that will benefit all Americans.
Millions have a stake in what happens next in this health care fight. Our neighbors, mothers, fathers, friends, children, grandchildren.
I’m glad that we can breathe a small sigh of relief about this terrible Skinny Repeal bill, but this is certainly not the end of the fight.
It’s unconscionable that Republicans are rushing a vote on this terrible #SkinnyRepeal bill.
As someone born and raised in ‘upper New York,’ I can tell you that these comments are ignorant. https://t.co/OxsA5ByJ5V
I want all transgender service members to know that their fight is our fight. Read more: https://t.co/ECifEAluJG
“The Finger Lakes region is a jewel worthy of national attention.” I agree. 
https://t.co/F9AWdNslQv
This health care bill is toxic. 
It is horrible. It will harm millions.
Will you fight back?
https://t.co/uwBF8aGXpU
Mark my words: We will not let Congress roll back access to reproductive health care for women and men across the country. https://t.co/tWVgNwhuGl
Maggie, thanks for speaking out on behalf of those who rely on Medicaid. I'll keep fighting for you and for Jake. https://t.co/hi2J4ELNkI
Health care should be a right.
It should not be a privilege.
This new decision is harmful and misguided. It weakens—not strengthens—our military. And I’ll do everything in my power to fight it.
...only to be told (on Twitter, no less) that their Commander in Chief doesn't want them in any capacity—it's outrageous!
This morning, transgender service members put on uniform and showed up to their military duties...
This is beyond insulting to the brave and honorable service of transgender service members willing to die for this country. https://t.co/xYSlLAANyw
I can promise you that I'll raise my voice against any bill that makes it harder for women to access the health care they need.
Please, keep speaking out. Demand better than a back-room deal that harms those who work so hard to provide for their families.
I am hard-pressed to remember a vote in the U.S. Senate that has treated the American people with less respect. https://t.co/e3qIG8iAUo
I hope you're making those calls, sharing those articles, letting everyone you know about what's at stake for today's health care vote.
Millions voted to legalize medical marijuana in several states. Now, the DOJ is looking to undermine their will. https://t.co/N8MGIXouXa
Whatever issue speaks to you, make your voice heard. I’ll always stand with survivors of sexual assault. https://t.co/IGm2Rtg7rb
I introduced legislation with @SenJohnMcCain to go after a root cause of the opioid epidemic: over-prescription. 
https://t.co/41qvdgHCfR
Our fundamental goal around health care should be to ensure everyone can afford coverage as a matter of right, not as a matter of privilege.
@ELF1010leeray @getots Great to meet you yesterday!
@INDVSBLHarlem That's right, keep speaking out and doing the great work you've been doing! A pleasure to have you yesterday.
@indivisible_bk Thank you for coming!
Ran into @JoeBiden and @MariaTeresa1 at Ozy Fest in Central Park. Great event, great discussion! https://t.co/JHr7MCkcK7
Candice Jackson’s remarks about campus sexual assault cases are unworthy of her role at the Department of Ed. She should step down. https://t.co/zvJBCwo1fz
I voted against John Bush’s nomination to the 6th Circuit Court of Appeals today.
John Bush’s hostility to the LGBTQ community and extreme views on women's rights make him completely unfit to serve on the Federal Courts. https://t.co/1dJgylafyz
Changing open internet rules threatens our freedom of speech. It’s more important than ever to stand up and protect #NetNeutrality.
Young people who have lived in America their whole lives and play by the rules should always be welcome here. We must #DefendDACA.
Proud of my team's work to help bring an important play on the Syrian conflict to @LincolnCenter this week. https://t.co/kRhx8hzgau
Awful news. Praying for @SenJohnMcCain and his family tonight. Sending heartfelt wishes for a full recovery. https://t.co/GFVrWnx9jI
Confirms what we already know: Repealing Obamacare with no plan to replace it—and leaving millions uninsured—is a horrific idea. https://t.co/dzBdO1gDEx
This so-called election commission is a sham that would do nothing but threaten voting rights.
https://t.co/4hP6YvzE0S
Real change in our communities takes persistence and perseverance, and the will to never, ever give up. It starts with you.
.@SenatorHeitkamp and I discuss how we can end the motherhood penalty through paid family leave and affordable childcare. https://t.co/9AEC23iZom
It’s disappointing to hear that the President is more interested in the blame game than in trying to improve healthcare for all Americans.
The President and Senate Republicans moving to repeal Obamacare with no plan to replace it is dangerous and irresponsible.
A win on health care, for now. Your protests, calls, letters, tweets count for something. Stay focused, keep speaking up.
We’re in public service to help people. If we’re not, we should get out. So #DearBetsy: Who are you serving? https://t.co/ySJ4CCquUq
#MondayMotivation: Today, let’s do all that we can to own this democracy and fight for what’s right .
I’m very grateful for all who came out to our town hall in Syracuse. Thanks for speaking out! https://t.co/4aQ0faUC4p
Meet Maple, the newest member of the Gillibrand family! https://t.co/mCpVz8sGsb
Wishing @SenJohnMcCain a speedy recovery. Glad to hear all is well! https://t.co/AOpa0yPpf7
A #paidleave policy that doesn’t cover all workers is woefully inadequate in my opinion. https://t.co/nOGeXtLrmN
What a great throwback! https://t.co/qaTxRJoduU
His wife, Liu Xia, remains under house arrest with no criminal charges. China should immediately free her.
Saddened by the death of Nobel Peace laureate Liu Xiaobo. It's disgraceful that China did this to someone just for speaking his mind.
I'm counting on you to keep speaking out on health care. Truly, your voice matters. Here's how you can: https://t.co/yKFyMjnV4f
You've spoken out overwhelmingly against this awful bill—so I'm going to do everything in my power to keep it from becoming law.
The Republican health care bill needed a wholesale overhaul. This new proposal continues to turn its back on the most vulnerable. https://t.co/hZrJgGn5tW
I can’t wait to head to Syracuse tomorrow. Hope you’ll join us if you’re in the area!
https://t.co/SH7Cqms9YS
#DearBetsy: I ask you to listen to these survivors—and understand just why we’re in this fight. https://t.co/KqZOxHxoSG
Let’s not sugarcoat it: Republicans are working to kick 22 million people off of health coverage, all so that the rich can get a tax cut.
Saddened to hear of this incident that took two lives, including NYS Trooper Davis. Praying for their families. https://t.co/5dr49Fozkg
Praying for the loved ones of all lost in the military plane accident in MS. Heartbreaking to hear the plane was based at Stewart ANGB.
Officer Familia brings new meaning to being one of New York’s Finest. May she rest in peace. God bless her and her loved ones. https://t.co/x3HSnRSZcB
An ingenious project! Great to see New Yorkers spreading awareness about food access in their communities. https://t.co/BVScfFjyRa
It's time for some of my GOP colleagues to recognize that @PPFA helps millions of women in this country—and end their attempts to cut it.
This week, I worked with @RepTomSuozzi to ensure Title IX protections for U.S. Merchant Marine Academy students. https://t.co/WMn9CDwLe8
Donna, thank you for sharing your experiences. This is a must read. https://t.co/RsWvwc96u7
Today, I got to celebrate the 200th birthday of the Erie Canal—by officially making it a National Historic Landmark! https://t.co/JBaWQ6qtbk
To fix our economy, Congress must work hard to answer this. But I can tell you for sure that cutting SNAP isn’t the way to get there.
The question remains: How do we support our communities while providing a safety net for those who work hard but still need help getting by?
Budgets reflect priorities. Taking food away from children, seniors, and struggling families shouldn’t be the federal government's priority.
44 million Americans (3 million NYers) in every kind of community—urban, rural, small town—need SNAP to survive. https://t.co/SXHZfFjDkO
While it shouldn’t take government assistance for a working parent to buy dinner for their family, it happens more often than we think.
It’s disturbing to see that the President wants to cut SNAP funding, federal food assistance, by billions of dollars
No matter where you live, or what you believe, I think we can all agree that access to healthy food shouldn't be a partisan issue.
I have so much hope in the women who are stepping up to own our democracy. Thanks for this reminder, @gailcollins. https://t.co/f7U1nHzve5
We have so much to learn from the unbelievable dedication and wherewithal of the women who came before us. https://t.co/BD1lMdZCGM
Hi @Malala! Hope everyone here will follow such an important and powerful voice. https://t.co/GRoNR6mH4V
.@clairecmc and I called on Betsy DeVos to reverse a decision that could set back investigations into sexual assault on college campuses https://t.co/jCwlaIFKba
Slow but sure victories for policies that help our families. It’s up to us to pass them nationwide. https://t.co/ju8ncSkEVL
This health care fight isn’t over. Just because the GOP doesn’t have the votes today doesn’t mean that they won’t have them next week.
Congrats to Washington State for becoming the 5th state to pass #paidleave—and hopefully becoming an example for the nation. https://t.co/MycFbzCO9m
No parent should be forced to make this choice. I’m fighting to change this terrible rule. https://t.co/iQ5afkn8Ri
Officer Familia was a true hero and brings new meaning to being New York's Finest. We cannot tolerate this kind of hate and violence.
NYPD Officer Miosotis Familia's name translates to “forget me not." Please read this piece in her memory https://t.co/HpHlQtf7bJ
Each dollar from @NYDailyNews's fund will go directly to her kids. Let's stand together to protect those who protect us—and their families
Please join me in making a contribution to support the three children of murdered NYPD officer Miosotis Familia. https://t.co/gXBR6FBJnh
With the health care coverage of millions of Americans on the line, our stories matter. Tell me yours by replying to this tweet.
Horrible news from the Bronx this morning. My prayers are with the family of Officer Miosotis Familia and the rest of the NYPD. https://t.co/iFLZ8kxmNu
Had a great time today at the Lake Placid #FourthofJuly parade! https://t.co/2SKOyEauxW
In the best place to celebrate America's birthday—Lake Placid up in the North Country! Happy #FourthOfJuly to all. https://t.co/sP2wF9UG3k
Ramming a health care bill through the Senate without public input or a single public hearing is the height of irresponsibility.
Over a million people in New York rely on LIHEAP. A cruel move by the Trump Administration. https://t.co/ZUvfz2A7rx
The Republican health care bill puts the 58 @PPFA centers in my state at risk. Know someone who relies on Planned Parenthood? Tell them.
Millions of women could lose maternity care coverage under the Republican health care bill! Think about that for a second.
Families need #paidleave throughout their lives—if a plan only serves new parents, it would leave far too many behind.
The campaign for a woman’s suffrage referendum in New York State began on this day in 1913, with a great wagon called The Spirit of 1776! https://t.co/Evuq0najDC
The Senate is careening toward voting for the worst bill for women’s health in a generation. Speak out.
ICYMI: We made ourselves heard on the Senate steps this week. An honor to be part of the moment. https://t.co/a9qarwYZOH
We refuse to be a country of hate and fear.
This is not who we are.
Keep telling your stories. You'll be heard.
 
#NoMuslimBanEver
I'm grateful and extremely proud of the work of all of our first responders. https://t.co/e6QHtBBim8
There's no credible reason to weaken rules that keep all our flights safe. We owe it to the families of Flight 3407. https://t.co/8kzCnEFVD6
I opposed this nomination. The CTFC must enact strong rules, oversight, &amp; enforcement to protect Main St &amp; taxpayers https://t.co/V3hoRz5BmQ
Here's a good way to spread the word: Tell someone you know (who might not yet know) how they could be affected by the GOP health care bill.
What democracy looks like: Tens of thousands of New Yorkers speaking out to protect the Hudson River. https://t.co/QkYPWkfY0y
Don't believe the cynics. You have the power to change outcomes—get out there and prove them wrong.
I want all women to know: When you speak out and fight back against @realDonaldTrump, @getOTS will be on your side! https://t.co/mkxq6fxbQr
My colleagues and I wrote to @BetsyDeVos with concerns over the Department of Ed's handling of civil rights cases. https://t.co/Tl6basb7jE
This is not okay, Mr. President. https://t.co/O9HORCzocV
The Senate GOP's health care bill is an insult to the millions of families already struggling to pay for care. We will not accept it.
Keep calling. https://t.co/2IINQcbpPn
I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again: funding for Planned Parenthood is not negotiable. Too many lives would be negatively impacted.
Introduced a bill to give military families support and flexibility when looking for quality, affordable childcare https://t.co/RoAWuD3BEO
A plan that leaves 22 million uninsured. And it could pass this week. This is not a drill. We must keep fighting back. Are you with me? https://t.co/pdQuB8NItH
There wasn’t a single woman in the room when Senate Republicans wrote their health care bill—of course the bill is awful for women's health.
Jam the phone lines. March. Raise your voice as loud as you can against this health care bill. Demand accountability.
It’s unconscionable that coverage could be taken away from millions of people—all to save money for the richest among us.
My best to all celebrating #NYCPride! A wonderful day to celebrate the LGBTQ community in NY, across the country, and around the world.
We must protect funding for a program that gives healthy, nutritious food to our most vulnerable communities. https://t.co/DsxZ5BxKVA
A job well done. https://t.co/pA5mqgDkaz
This was great! 
https://t.co/QZntvvjaWN
If you thought the House bill was bad, the Senate bill is even worse. https://t.co/lc2p8nn1Vs
This health care bill will harm people. I'll do everything in my power to fight against it, but I need your help. https://t.co/zJejTUofrB
I could not think of a more out-of-touch or insulting proposal to working Americans already struggling with the high cost of health care.
You have the power to demand accountability from your representatives. I hope you’ll use it. https://t.co/jyVfHsakHN
.@CecileRichards knows what it means to help people, to speak out, to resist. A beautiful piece. https://t.co/qKcKRGFXgg
Caught it. #CWSG https://t.co/7FOQ27k7Vh
I wrote at @getOTS about the results in Georgia and coming #OffTheSidelines to win in 2018. Read and follow to join the movement: https://t.co/Br2w4qEjCN
I'm ready to play ball tonight! #CWSG https://t.co/a0E8KXpX0e
How we make change: Compete in all 50 states. Run in tough campaigns. Fight back and raise our voices on everything we care deeply about. https://t.co/ruVw3sr8Qd
In the meantime, don’t lose focus and keep your eyes on the battle ahead: stopping the Republicans’ disastrous health care plan.
It’s up to Democrats to show up in all 50 states, and I’ll be doing my part to support women candidates through my #offthesidelines program
We cannot let losses like last night’s special election discourage us. It’s important to keep going, keep fighting.
The public deserves full transparency around this health care bill. When millions could be affected, there are no excuses. #ShowUsTheBill
@SherrodBrown Our bill will punish companies that price gouge and reinvest their fines in NIH research. This is commonsense, and long overdue.
.@SherrodBrown &amp; I are taking on RX companies that spike prices of prescription drugs and pump up profits at the expense of people’s lives.
Will I see you at the Congressional Women’s Softball Game on Wednesday? I’ll be swinging for the fences! https://t.co/bBLMGGLn0f
A reprehensible way to treat a man who put his health on the line for us after 9/11. This is absolutely not okay. https://t.co/XndWIZSNRM
With the coverage of millions of Americans on the line in this health care fight, the lack of transparency from Republicans is disturbing.
No one should ever be penalized for getting sick, for being a woman, for being born with a rare condition. This could happen under Trumpcare
We celebrate emancipation on this #Juneteenth, recognize the work left to do, and continue our commitment to a more equal future for all.
Troop increases absent strategy are a mistake. Congress must demand accountability and a plan from the President.
The President should never outsource his responsibilities as Commander in Chief. https://t.co/JBnyYesm2i
To every woman who dares to make her voice heard: I’m with you. 
https://t.co/XQbNhJKwk1
Happy #FathersDay. Let’s celebrate all that dads give to our families &amp; keep up the fight for policies that’ll help, like the #FAMILYAct!
The @FCC is dangerously close to clawing back open internet rules and making a terrible decision for the future of innovation. Speak out.
We'll see about that. https://t.co/hnuiead5Fo
Military leaders must take cases like Marines United seriously—leniency on those accused of online misconduct will not change behavior. https://t.co/dNrzs2Cg5p
If you’re around, hope you can make it to @CWSoftballGame next week! https://t.co/Y7qpN9DoLZ
13 men writing the Senate’s health care bill behind closed doors, with no accountability to the American people. It's a recipe for disaster.
High fives for @JoeCrowleyNY—making all New Yorkers proud tonight! https://t.co/QjgE5X6RNM
Here to support my colleagues at the Congressional Baseball Game, as we put aside politics and honor the bravery of our first responders. https://t.co/FjvHwN2oSG
Studies suggest that marijuana can alleviate many serious symptoms—we owe it to our families to be able to do more scientific research.
Current rules around #medicalmarijuana are a case of outdated ideology getting in the way of helping families that desperately need it.
Today, we reintroduced the bipartisan CARERS Act to finally modernize our laws around medical marijuana.
A reminder: Russia news is very important, but don't let it distract you from the secret health care bill that'll kick millions off coverage
Beautiful, important words from my friend Gabby. https://t.co/Du6GRenTds
Praying for Rep Scalise, the staff, members and Capitol Hill police at the horrific scene this morning. Bless the police for their bravery.
The time has come for #paidleave—and I'm glad we are finally debating it. But parents-only plans leave far too many people behind. https://t.co/1rDPDBeqXF
While people watched the Sessions hearing, Senate Republicans worked behind closed doors to pass a disastrous secret health care bill.
AG's refusal to answer oversight questions without executive privilege invoked at today's hearing is outrageous. Americans deserve answers.
.@HouseGOP has voted to take us back to the reckless rules and regulations that resulted in financial collapse. https://t.co/ClLEJveCYP
A great bit from #TonyAwards2017: Kevin Kline talks about the importance of @NEAarts and @NEHgov to our communities. https://t.co/SCQrccyaUr
One year after the horrific Pulse shooting, let's recommit to doing our part to ensure the equality and well being of our LGBTQ community.
The courts are speaking loud and clear on Trump’s unconstitutional travel ban. It's not what our country stands for https://t.co/6tLSSlqww5
Someone you should know: @katieporteroc, who’s getting #offthesidelines and running for congress in CA. https://t.co/8qJQjsosVJ
The recent rise in anti-semitism at home and abroad has been alarming. It’s vital to keep up and prioritize the fight against it. https://t.co/dC5CNTf1rZ
Thanks so much for having me! Really enjoyed our chat. https://t.co/wZbo3jlAyt
Great to speak at #PDF17 about the ways we can keep fighting and resisting. (But might need to put some cash in the swear jar tonight!) https://t.co/SlIBVpagQ7
Looking forward to it! https://t.co/4p84OKa5FK
If they were actually doing good work to help people, it wouldn’t need to be hidden from public view. Speak out, demand transparency.
Senate Republicans are writing a bill to kick millions of people off of health insurance behind closed doors, with no public hearings.
We must get to the truth, because nobody, including the President, is above the law.
Comey's testimony also raises more questions about the actions of the Attorney General.
That Comey took the President’s comments regarding the Flynn investigation ‘as a direction’ is alarming.
It was also stunning to hear that Comey began writing memos after his first meeting with Trump due to concerns that Trump may lie about it.
It was stunning to hear James Comey testify under oath that President Trump ‘defamed’ him and the FBI, and that Trump told lies about him.
The pattern of behavior laid out in Comey's prepared testimony is extremely disturbing. Important for him to provide more context today.
If the Trump Administration lets bosses make birth control decisions for their employees, it could be devastating for women. https://t.co/4VwIr790Dm
Detained immigrants are not receiving the proper medical care that they need. It has to stop. https://t.co/UONP0DH9ll
Troubling stats on racial disparities in our military justice system. If we're going to fix this, we must #passMJIA https://t.co/PbqASYvuJx
It's clear that we must expand research into #medicalmarijuana. @CoryBooker, @RandPaul and I plan to re-intro a bill for that.
The NE Journal study on cannabidiol and its effects on Dravet Syndrome is a big deal in our fight to help people. https://t.co/FJcZKbN42q
For a better, more productive workforce, policies must start reflecting the realities facing working families. https://t.co/evLkgkktY8
@JessicaScott09 We’re all stronger than we think we are. #WonderWoman
@JessTroe She is such an inspiration!
@Caley_89 Yes! We should all dream big and see ourselves in our role models.
Harriet Tubman deserves every bit of recognition for her contributions to history.  https://t.co/bcRBKz3OmA
Interesting video about how the bicycle played a small role in the women’s movement. 
https://t.co/IHlCp2691H
Last week, my legislation to help families of first responders get needed survivor benefits was signed into law. Read more about it below. https://t.co/gH3xaLXm1s
The scene where she fearlessly led soldiers into battle by taking the oncoming fire with her shield took my breath away!
If you saw #WonderWoman this past weekend, what was your favorite scene?
I love that the new #WonderWoman movie is inspiring girls everywhere to be fearless and fight for justice. 
https://t.co/0N1VdlroQa
Oversight and accountability are necessary in our constitutional democracy. https://t.co/v3ZP4dzKQJ
Horrific, saddening news out of London—my heart is with the victims of these senseless attacks.
Trump’s budget isn't just numbers or charts on a page. It's a proposal to cheat our communities and the most vulnerable among us.
Birth control is part of basic, preventive care for women. It’s wrong to roll back access. It’s wrong to make women pay more for it.
Tune in if you want to know more! A wonderful chat with the ladies of @TheRivetersPod. https://t.co/7tkb07AmnY
@BethBehrs Beth, it was so lovely to meet you too. Thanks for everything you're doing—keep speaking out on the issues you care about! We need you!
New Yorkers will lead on climate and take up the mantle where this administration chooses to fail. It's up to us. https://t.co/Vc6OArCixa
As this administration tries to roll back women’s access to contraception, raise your voice and exercise your right to use it. https://t.co/lZ3ANevuxE
I shudder to think of what future generations will have to deal with as a consequence of this shortsighted, dangerous decision. https://t.co/zKmqMYeCA3
I'm seeing the Wonder Woman movie this summer. Want to join? Be automatically entered to see it with me: https://t.co/uKWmJV83XH https://t.co/2wok0petJL
Clean air and water shouldn't be up for debate for New York’s families. This decision is awful news for the Capital Region and Hudson Valley https://t.co/Nrrg9b8qWB
Right. That's why @CoryBooker, @RandPaul and I wrote a bill to try to expand research opportunities for medical marijuana. https://t.co/7UcUGW3aeu
Disturbing that child marriage still happens in this country. I plan to introduce a bill to end this. https://t.co/S3M5Slg1n3
If you care about our health, our security, and our economy, raise your voice. Speak out against this. #ParisAgreement
Climate change is real. The question is settled. It'd be catastrophic for the President to cede our leadership on this issue #ParisAgreement
Withdrawing from the #ParisAgreement would be a complete disaster for our future, an absolute failure of leadership and vision. https://t.co/J3Oocf8g1P
Maybe running for office isn’t for you. Here are some other things you can do to make an impact. https://t.co/lFNpiSAUVN
A woman's boss shouldn't get to decide if she access to birth control. It's wrong—we'll fight back as hard as we can https://t.co/ksMi9CemPj
"I wanted to make history...pave the way, if not for me, then for others." https://t.co/CtTRFQILVq
On this Memorial Day, we honor and remember the heroes who sacrificed their lives to protect our freedoms. Grateful to all who've served.
Ray Pfeifer was a shining light. My love to him, his family, friends, and the entire 9/11 community. https://t.co/oTwm3fbDf5
Taking back the House starts with strong candidates like @HoulahanForPa. I’m all in to support her—hope you can too. https://t.co/ox5OXf0RaQ
"We hold these truths to be self evident that all men—and women—are created equal." https://t.co/4G7MA6xxTk https://t.co/tQeMX0b2Md
Year after year, we shortchange our economy by not giving our workers the time and flexibility to care for their loved ones.
My bill with @SenJoniErnst would ensure our recruits get the training needed to thwart military sexual assault. https://t.co/mZqrA1jMRF https://t.co/xPzQOSmd1p
A victory. This travel ban is wrong and flies against the face of everything we value as a country. https://t.co/l6WX8whHp9
Our rules around medical marijuana should respect scientific research and respect our families. It’s common sense. https://t.co/ReSV4yzuFr
Our workers are long overdue for a raise—today, proud to co-sponsor @BernieSanders &amp; @PattyMurray's bill to #RaisetheWage to $15 by 2024.
A very happy birthday to one of New York City’s most beautiful landmarks.
https://t.co/pjHFStKRDx
If the AHCA becomes law, up to 23 million Americans could lose their insurance. Think about that for a second. 

It's unacceptable.
I think this further confirms just how terrible the AHCA is. 
https://t.co/wu2TRyh98j
Cuts to food stamps in Trump’s budget would be devastating. Millions across the country—in small towns, cities—need them to make ends meet.
How? We’ll  do the work, speak out, and keep fighting for what we’ve always fought for. https://t.co/X3vw94EH4b
This Administration continues to propose newer and crueler ways to make women’s lives harder. https://t.co/etigmk08N1
How can you care so little for the most vulnerable among us to propose deep cuts to our food stamp program?
This budget is truly immoral and heartless. https://t.co/MFNkBbWrnn
My heart goes out to the victims. We must do everything we can to protect America and our allies. https://t.co/jPUTZNP4aT
Was a pleasure to talk with @DavidAxelrod. Listen to our conversation here. https://t.co/F8sH6Wx1AI
ICYMI: Paid leave is not just a women’s issue. It’s a middle-class economic issue. See my speech at @AmProg: https://t.co/vVIxyo9YBs
Any budget cut that cheats our most vulnerable communities must be fought back against. https://t.co/JYxFytZJSF
When it comes to our health care, it’s personal. So pick up the phones, go to town halls, march. Tell your stories.
This is shameful. As elected leaders, we should be trying to help people. This only harms Americans. https://t.co/u5C9ODG2vF
Making calls? 
At town halls?
Marching? 
Running?

Tell me: How are you getting #offthesidelines? https://t.co/yjvnWH7Vkd
Disgraceful. https://t.co/nirk2Ury1Y
Running for office can be tough. My advice? Think of someone who fought long and hard for something that mattered to them. https://t.co/JLiR1YmtW1
I just published “No more excuses: America needs a real national paid family and medical leave plan now!” https://t.co/3ZWaPTkCmP
This only happened because regular people raised their voices. Advocacy matters.
Important step in the right direction. We need to get to the bottom of this mess. https://t.co/T3tVFlhIhd
It's an honor to be fighting the fight against hunger with you, @newyorkhunger.
Huge concerns. We need an independent special prosecutor NOW. https://t.co/QL4zu7SVQq
Starting a campaign? You’ll need people in your corner. Don’t be afraid to ask for help. https://t.co/xioWbf0Sy6
My commonsense bill, the FAMILY Act, is a REAL paid leave program. So let’s pass it. The time for excuses is over. https://t.co/iuBSKYMY3A
We must not stop until we have full transparency &amp; accountability. That means not voting on FBI Director until Special Prosecutor is named.
This President is creating chaos that doesn’t create a single job or make us safer.
Last night’s report has taken us to a whole new level of abnormal. This is not business as usual.
Income inequality is a drag on the economy. That’s why we need:

—Paid leave
—A $15 minimum wage
—Equal pay
Let me be clear: Affordable, preventive care for women is non-negotiable.
Know who would suffer the most under the House Republicans’ disastrous health bill? Women. Older Americans. Low income Americans.
When we can support our working moms, we can lift up every family. A great reminder on this Mother’s Day. 
https://t.co/Bi3DgiULRw
To my mother, who has always been in my corner, and to every mom out there who gives it her all every single day: Happy Mother’s Day! https://t.co/zXTjbuHNHl
The Senate GOP’s health care bill is being written by 13 men! That’s shocking, even for Washington.
Here’s how you can demand support for an independent investigation into the Trump campaign and Russia. https://t.co/yRzUujr5Ev
If you plan on running, your reason, your passion, your fire in the belly can make all the difference. https://t.co/Fo1bJU8jOQ
I’m working to help preserve and breathe new life into New York State’s manufacturing sectors. https://t.co/kK8h2oYBIv
This is alarming. We need accountability and transparency on college campuses. We need to pass CASA. https://t.co/X5rFjNpRst
Deeply disturbing that the Trump administration is investigating the Haitian community with a broad brush. https://t.co/gigmBszY9z
Americans want a national paid leave program—and I’m willing to work with anyone for us to get there. https://t.co/FlJ3wnggMF
I voted against Rod Rosenstein's nomination for his refusal to commit to an independent special prosecutor on Day 1.
The Senate shouldn't consider a new FBI Director until an independent special prosecutor is appointed to probe the Trump campaign &amp; Russia.
The @HouseGOP health bill is an atrocious piece of legislation. My thoughts on how we can actually help people: https://t.co/IUOf644PKy
Just think of the communities that would be affected.  
https://t.co/PuguS9fFDT
Because we want real solutions. https://t.co/B1KKKsJSid
Americans deserve to know the truth. It’s time to raise your voice. https://t.co/pXNzgZYcQK
Trump is throwing our democracy into chaos by trying to shut down an investigation.
AG Sessions lied under oath about meetings with Kislyak. One way to exert control after recusal is by getting rid of FBI Director. Chilling.
No more excuses: We need an independent special prosecutor to investigate the Trump Administration’s ties to Russia.
Something to agree on: Women-owned small businesses should be able compete on a level playing field in this economy. https://t.co/aDuogiVsSU
We cannot defeat Trumpcare without your voice. I hope you’ll add yours. https://t.co/veEKiTnyao
Pruitt moving to dismiss scientists at the EPA. Absolutely frightening.
https://t.co/qEtudal1Ae
My view: When women’s voices are at the table, it makes a difference—especially when it comes to health care. https://t.co/AqreZwlmpn
Under #Trumpcare, thousands of families in New York will suffer. We will not let it pass.
We can make the ACA work better with a not-for-profit public option that
✓Lowers premiums
✓Lowers RX drug costs
✓Lowers out of pocket costs
Amen. You’re an inspiration to women everywhere, @ShondaRhimes.
https://t.co/vY6DCTb5qq
The House GOP voted to make it possible for insurance companies to charge you more for coverage just because you’re a woman. It’s not okay.
ICYMI: This week, House Republicans made it okay for employers to cheat workers out of overtime pay. 
https://t.co/DuDGb1542g
We sure will. https://t.co/5b3N3uyw0O
Mark Green's extreme positions disqualified him from his nomination in the first place. https://t.co/ERRI2NMxAe
With the health care of millions of Americans on the line, we have to speak out as forcefully as we can. https://t.co/ItkfJT7KkD
Thinking about stepping up and running for office? I'm here to help. Here's my first piece of advice. https://t.co/ujjysK2opt
Instead of the passing the horrific House GOP health bill, we should actually help people—or go home. https://t.co/1NirFqLZci
By letting bosses deny critical preventative care in the name of religious freedom, @POTUS's Executive Order is an attack on women's health.
A win for New York City and a concrete step toward ending the cycle of pay inequality. Thanks for your hard work on this, @TishJames. https://t.co/JeubFvIsqw
Keep government out of religion and religion out of government. 
https://t.co/gChLw2jIjS
I'll fight back as hard as I can to defeat this bill—a misguided and purely political effort that will hurt New York families.
Through higher premiums, less coverage, and millions losing their insurance, Americans lose out with the #AHCA.
The only beneficiaries of the #AHCA are big insurance companies and the wealthiest among us.
Health care shouldn’t be about politics—it's about people. The American Health Care Act would harm people.
The bill to replace Obamacare that passed today in the House is atrocious and must be defeated in the Senate.
House Republicans will be voting today on their dangerous health care plan. Raise your voice and fight back: https://t.co/WcPnTDA5nF
We need to make smart investments in building the middle class, and in building an economy that rewards work.
When woman with two children can work a full time, minimum wage job and still live below the poverty line, it’s not right. #RaisetheWage
A federal program for family planning shouldn't be run by a person who doesn’t believe that contraception works. https://t.co/TuBvSJiXxu
Powerful. Thank you for raising your voice on healthcare, @JimmyKimmel. 
https://t.co/BgJXz1ppXh
No person who works 40 hours a week should still live below the poverty line. It’s time to raise the national minimum wage to $15.
We need to pass the Military Justice Improvement Act, so our men &amp; women in uniform have a military justice system worthy of their service.
We need a military justice system that allows independent military prosecutors to go after sexual predators who harm our military readiness.
This report doesn't reflect having the good order and discipline that's essential for our military. Congress must take it as a wake-up call.
The DoD's report shows: 
—a flat overall reporting rate 
—an unacceptable retaliation rate against survivors
—less accountability
While the DoD touts progress, the truth is that the scourge of sexual assault in the military remains status quo. https://t.co/u5tYhVRAkh
Parents across the world share their parental leave stories, and demonstrate why we need #paidleave in this country: https://t.co/Nexf2tzqkL
Local, small businesses are indispensable to our economy in New York and across the country. Happy #SmallBusinessWeek! https://t.co/OKm5prD4G9
Publicly shaming a child over a school lunch is a cruel practice that has to stop. https://t.co/tZjyIe9la4
Working families, immigrants, and refugees strengthen our communities. Today, we #RiseUp to celebrate their contributions.
I am working on a bipartisan bill to reform flood insurance and make it more affordable for New Yorkers. https://t.co/UiTmO9kdto
Learn a bit more about our #FAMILYAct and how you can raise your voice to support it. https://t.co/zQGJ8QjJaB
Proud to be in solidarity with those raising their voices and marching for our planet today. #ClimateMarch
#Trump100Days: “a stretch marked by disdain for women’s fair treatment at home and around the globe.” https://t.co/F5ygBXR8AB
@popsugarnews Thanks so much! This was great! #PSNewsChat
@POPSUGAR A6. Representing your fellow citizens in elected office is worth it. Run. Do it. Once you do, keep at it until the end. #PSNewsChat
@popsugarnews @Yale @eleanorslegacy @WCFonline A5. @emilyslist &amp;@EmergeAmerica have great programs too! The experience and curriculum are well worth it. #PSNewsChat
@popsugarnews A5. Do a training program! I did programs with Women’s Campaign School @Yale, @EleanorsLegacy, and @WCFonline #PSNewsChat
@popsugarnews A4. Grow that thick skin, and know that, in spite of everything, you can do it. #PSNewsChat
@popsugarnews A4. People can be mean, your opponents might say horrible things about you. Campaigning can be really tiring. #PSNewsChat
@popsugarnews A3. Then think through the issues you care most about. Practice expressing your ideas, sharpen your arguments. #PSNewsChat
@popsugarnews A3. Reach out to your networks for advice. Maybe you already know a woman in office, or someone who works on campaigns. #PSNewsChat
@popsugarnews A3. No one can do it alone, so ask for help. Talk to your family &amp; close friends, those who’ll support you through the process. #PSNewsChat
@popsugarnews A2. Your reason for running will come into focus from your specific background and passion. #PSNewsChat
@popsugarnews A2. It boils down to that one thing you want to fix, that injustice that makes you so angry you just want to spit. #PSNewsChat
@popsugarnews A2. I don’t think there’s a set path to public office. We need a diversity of experiences and backgrounds representing us. #PSNewsChat
@popsugarnews A1. Run. Believe in yourself. Your experience, your background, your passion makes you qualified. #PSNewsChat
@popsugarnews @emilyslist @PramilaJayapal Hi everyone! Thanks for having me. Very excited to talk shop and help more women get #offthesidelines! #PSNewsChat
I think this says everything you need to know about the Trump tax plan. https://t.co/Zlz9kzXBYG
Congress can no longer turn a blind eye to the epidemic of campus sexual assault. Tell them to take action: https://t.co/XEkgFOkuyV
Bad move. Rolling back net neutrality rules will stifle business, affect consumers, hamper innovation. https://t.co/JoxpKVQF2s
Continue to speak out. Do not grow tired or weary. Know that this battle is worth fighting. https://t.co/z64KE3F5Iw
When a tax system allows big corporations and the wealthy to pay little in taxes at the expense of investments in our future, it’s rigged.
Quick shoutout: great to work with @higherheights, who help #BlackWomenLead from the voting booth to elected office. https://t.co/Mo04Apiclj
If a tax plan doesn’t address growing inequality, strengthen the middle class, and reward work, then it’s a failure. https://t.co/6Bws4NX0PH
With so many issues that demand immediate action, your advocacy and your talents are desperately needed. Speak out.
When students and families are burdened with unmanageable student loan debt, they lose out—and our economy loses out.
Thanks @Lin_Manuel for speaking out on just how important @NEArts is to our communities. https://t.co/4NrSjPUuvS
Agree. Let’s make sure those girls run for office someday! 
https://t.co/aQZWEErBr2
This is gratifying. Fills me with so much hope. https://t.co/XnAJqgcn83
“Push yourself, challenge yourself to do more than you think you can.” 
Congratulations to @AstroPeggy! 
https://t.co/e4v2cK6Aot
Cutting off access to healthcare for women around the world doesn’t look like respect for life to me. https://t.co/vv9yJ39h8i
On this Yom HaShoah, we must continue to stand strong against all forms of hate and intolerance.
To mark the centennial of women’s suffrage in NY, I spoke @FDRLibrary about what our founding mothers can teach us. https://t.co/eeFc580IPh https://t.co/qB8QtoWuP8
Important to invest in New York's infrastructure—including these much-needed repairs to the Holland Tunnel. https://t.co/Phep7L9XqM
We only have one earth, so let's keep fighting for it—from protecting our air and water to combatting climate change. Happy #EarthDay!
Now is the time to keep fighting, in whatever way you can, for the issues you’ve always cared about.
Looks like transparency is something we can all agree on. https://t.co/G1fR3WySQe
Too many in New York have suffered from the opioid epidemic. We’ll keep fighting for programs that can help. https://t.co/lkFYnNvids
Earlier this week, I asked you where you think more fearless girls are needed. Here’s what you said. Where else do you think we need them? https://t.co/8SyfMau3d4
Welcoming and helping those who seek freedom and refuge is an important part of our New York values. https://t.co/5C24j5fISh
High-quality child care can lead to better outcomes for children—all families should be able to afford it. https://t.co/aJ5lAjxeAj
It is said that budgets reflect priorities. What does it say about the Trump admin when their budget takes aim at vulnerable communities?
"It's the right thing to do, but it's not a bad business proposition either." Great to remember as we work toward #paidleave for all. https://t.co/5GAjFNQJ5H
The four exceptional organizers of the @womensmarch are on the 2017 #TIME100. It was an honor to write about them. https://t.co/c1M4VbDgJm https://t.co/QR1FY6oyF3
Remember: grassroots advocacy—many people coming together—is far more valuable than any one politician at the podium.
@PiperPerabo Thanks @PiperPerabo. And kudos to you for being vocal about the issues you care about!
@NoamBramson Thank you @NoamBramson. It’s critical to speak out when these cuts could impact our communities—especially our most vulnerable ones.
When women take the plunge and run for office, they change outcomes. Great piece featuring our friends @EmergeAmerica. https://t.co/7zXZo8CgZe
Wouldn’t you pay the price of a cup of coffee a week to have the time and flexibility to care for a loved one? https://t.co/J8EN2brVYB
Too many in Congress seem to have an obsession with destroying Planned Parenthood and taking away access to women's reproductive healthcare.
Inspiring story about female Marines trying to change the service’s culture from the inside out. https://t.co/2O50VC50hF
It's #TaxDay. I posted my tax returns online for the 6th year in a row, and I want to tell you a bit about why. https://t.co/1o2OzmrIkK
Dangerous carcinogens may be hiding in some of your personal care products. @SenSchumer &amp; I want to get rid of them https://t.co/svdvxGnKvF
Love this. Where do you think we need more fearless girls? I'd say in the House and Senate. And the Pentagon. https://t.co/qDOaFgpzra
Our work—our activism—has always been about helping people. If you’re not helping, go home.
These cuts shortchange our children &amp; families. After school programs help children to learn and succeed. It’s wrong to gut them.
Trump’s budget proposes completely eliminating the 21st CLCC grant, which gives $1.2 billion to after school and summer programs.
From my family to yours, happy #Easter to all who are celebrating! https://t.co/u00IcKCLN8
This shouldn't be complicated. Americans deserve to know who is entering the White House. Period. https://t.co/aLXP3nTRsk
Change won’t happen unless you speak out. Here’s how you can: https://t.co/rGyQvuVxD9
Transparency has always been a top priority for me, so I plan to post my tax returns online again next week. @POTUS should too. #TaxMarch
When women talk with their doctors, making personal decisions about their health, bodies, and families, Congress should stay out of the way.
ICYMI: I co-wrote a piece with @FaithKWinter to talk about how #paidleave is needed from coast to coast. https://t.co/6MRERaW3Fd
Here are some good words to live by.
https://t.co/vHMzsKdlsf
Judge Sheila Abdus-Salaam was a true voice for the voiceless. Heartbroken at her passing. Thinking of her family and loved ones.
Congratulations to Officer Brittney Roy for your hard work and service. https://t.co/2bCtmfL1eR
We’re coming together to help prevent opioid addiction. https://t.co/TqBJtSjeew
With all of the problems we could try to solve in this country, the President decides to limit women’s access to healthcare. Shameful. https://t.co/kgdyZWV1c5
If you don’t become an advocate, things won’t change. 
If you don’t vote, things won’t change. 
If you don’t run, things won’t change.
We’re long overdue for national #paidleave. https://t.co/O6xCWmkXlw
For those who’ve asked: Here are my thoughts on the best ways to get #offthesidelines: https://t.co/rGyQvuVxD9
It’s important to know more about how such a destabilizing event affects these children. 
https://t.co/rJah2aNsDW
We’re not giving up. We’ll keep fighting to try to bring justice to survivors of campus sexual assault. More: https://t.co/nuGzLamCpS
Student loans are both a drag and a drag on the economy. https://t.co/yFCaTbslL9
Congrats to @NYDailyNews! Well-deserved. https://t.co/6T3pE1xYTG
It is not going to be easy. It is not going to be quick. But if you don’t speak up, things will not change. We need you out there.
If Planned Parenthood can keep fighting for as long as they have, so can we. 
https://t.co/njgzJ3GMel
Continue to speak out. Do not grow tired or weary. Know that this battle is worth fighting for.
+1. No worker should have to choose between a paycheck or caring for a loved one. https://t.co/EDYqrSep8O
When you raise your voice, you can change the world. https://t.co/i9PdHCx4uu
I teamed up with @clairecmc and others to forge a path forward for survivors of sexual assault on campuses: https://t.co/nuGzLamCpS https://t.co/buXZN8aSTw
Americans need answers frm the Admin abt their plan &amp; how they'll bring coalition partners to the table for a long-term diplomatic solution.
And there is no ‘military only’ solution to the suffering in Syria.
But the President’s unilateral military action causes grave concern, given no authorization from Congress and no long-term plan.
The chemical attacks by the Assad regime in Syria are atrocities, a violation of international law that demands a firm response.
It's always been about helping people. https://t.co/SxxVjbS9b5
No working parent should have to crowdfund to care for their loved ones. I shared my thoughts on the best solution. https://t.co/8iIcALA7N7 https://t.co/ivqjTB0Qy7
Irresponsible for our democracy. https://t.co/EqCHb1NtgO
Gorsuch is the wrong choice for the Supreme Court. I'm voting no on cloture. #StopGorsuch
Republicans' rollback of broadband privacy is dangerous and unwanted. https://t.co/z6oxuOVWEV
Changing the rules for President Trump to get his Supreme Court nominee through is an historic mistake. #StopGorsuch
Women's voices are needed more than ever. Be bold, never give up! Thanks to @toreyvanoot for making the case https://t.co/0dJBxZQXGM
Today serves as a call to action for all women: know your worth, ask for it, fight for it. I'll be right there with you. #EqualPayDay
Put simply, women and men deserve equal pay for equal work. A shame that, in 2017, we're still not there. #EqualPayDay
In the Senate, I'll keep fighting to close that gap, fighting for legislation like the Paycheck Fairness Act.
The data suggests that it would take until 2152 for us to close the gender wage gap. That's not right. We shouldn't have to wait that long.
As a whole, American women must work 44 days into 2017 in order to make as much as men made in 2016.
The gap for working moms on average is $0.70 to the dollar. They have to work an extra 6 months to make what fathers earn in a year.
The pay gap for women of color is severe. Black women make just $0.63 for every dollar a white man earns, Hispanic/Latina women earn $0.54.
Today is #EqualPayDay. I'd like to share some numbers with you, the plain truth about equal pay in this country.
The resistance is based on all of us speaking out in different forms. Here's my advice on how you can do that: https://t.co/ra62VnESNA
Here's how I'm voting this week: No on cloture, no on Gorsuch.
Spoke to @rtraister about the last few months, about where we're going, about this moment in time. https://t.co/8DIED1CE5o https://t.co/0dkoOFjBnL
Amazing work bringing paid leave to Columbus, OH! Elizabeth Brown (@LizforUs) is #offthesidelines, making a HUGE difference. https://t.co/lnWAIr41yw
Insightful look into the political history of the women's movement. https://t.co/R32TUMdJ92
It’s time for us to confront and fix the toxic environment that many women in the military face. https://t.co/MUaGUBZqEl
Members of Congress need to play by the exact same set of rules as every other American. https://t.co/klMDcBC23P
If we're going to resist and protect women's access to healthcare, we must use our talents and raise our voices. Together. https://t.co/wGYRaHWCiJ
A majority of small businesses support it. Families support it. So let’s work hard to pass it. #paidleave
https://t.co/kfmfKx2tCR
With so much at stake, I struggle to understand why Republican leaders are fixated on controlling women’s access to basic health care.
We need to hold up our end of the bargain for graduates who choose to enter public service.
https://t.co/4obZ884zlE
Thinking about our mothers, grandmothers, and founding mothers whose shoulders we stand on. #WomensHistoryMonth https://t.co/BpIn0W5Yv3 https://t.co/bQF5DGDBJG
Unnecessarily high drug prices burden families and diminish quality of life—so we’re doing something about it. https://t.co/AwOYMma7fW
The VP was sent to break a tie vote on #TitleX. 

Amazing what GOP leaders will do to make sure women's health centers don't get funded. https://t.co/SoHVxURl6H
We have the power to make a difference, but I'm just a small piece of something larger, and I need your help. https://t.co/rGyQvvd8uH
Let's fight as hard as we can, as long as we need to, to keep @PPFA's doors open for the 2.5 million who rely on them #IStandWithPP #PinkOut
Restoring and protecting Long Island Sound is critical to the area’s communities and economic development. https://t.co/xPBPDTFyp9
If we want to better understand our communities, we can't continue to ignore LGBTQ Americans. https://t.co/0g35inyzeg
Let's all speak up, gather strength, and support one another. https://t.co/mpe9aT2qtI
It's simple: professional women's sports teams deserve the support, resources, and funding given to men's teams. https://t.co/SslHCW5KNw
Our country could lead on climate, but instead, President Trump decides to roll back environmental protections. https://t.co/sd3xyp1xf6
I signed the @DCBullyBusters pledge because bullying is unacceptable. Learn more: https://t.co/JkV7MJST6P https://t.co/zCawpyY2s8
What we must do in the face of hate is stand strong and fight against it. https://t.co/FTkocwJX6t
All of us should speak out, wherever we can be heard. Here’s some of my advice on how to do that. https://t.co/rGyQvvd8uH
Children across NY deserve access to the arts to stimulate learning, regardless of family income or where they live. https://t.co/N1jE9tURrS
Marine Pfc. Maria Daume's story is truly inspiring. Congratulations on such a deserved, historic achievement. https://t.co/V23QOIig45
The complete disregard for human health in this decision is astounding. https://t.co/bnY28yeo0w
It should sadden every New Yorker—and every American—that such acts of racism continue to occur in 2017. https://t.co/FMcWccNZxG
We can't let up now. We fought back today—but we'll need to keep fighting to protect our care.
This is because of people like you raising your voices, making yourselves heard, and rising up to own our democracy. https://t.co/n7cYtotZpP
One cup of coffee can go a long way. #FAMILYAct https://t.co/tqJMWSlHZ4
This is our moment in history. We’re all rising up and owning a place in our democracy.
I voted against this bill—no company should be allowed to sell your personal info to the highest bidder. https://t.co/j7JbWfNvHc
Women, older Americans, the most vulnerable in our communities have all benefited from the #ACA. It'd be wrong to take it away.
The #ACA gave women the coverage they need for basic women's health services like birth control, mammograms, HPV testing.
The #ACA gave millions of Americans the health care coverage they need to stay healthy.
On the 7th anniversary of the #ACA, it’s a shame that the GOP is trying to pass a bill that will kick 24 million off coverage.
I've put together some of my best advice for how you can get #offthesidelines and raise your voice. Get it here: https://t.co/zrDU6PPuD2
“People won’t have to choose between getting paid and supporting loved ones.” Why we need the #FAMILYAct: https://t.co/qAIWzYb5Xb
Over a million New York households rely on LIHEAP to help pay heating and cooling bills. Trump's budget will cut it. https://t.co/EP5CNesjL3
Horrible amendment that makes a bad bill worse. Failure of leadership. https://t.co/wk7AX9cYUE
Americans need #paidleave. It's time to raise our voices and pass the #FAMILYAct. Learn more: https://t.co/bS1QGBqNtH
If a new mother has no vacation or sick days, she’ll have to choose between caring for her new baby, or the money to feed that baby.
If a worker can't take time off to care for a sick or dying relative, he'll have to choose between a paycheck or his loved one.
To be clear: I'm voting against Gorsuch's nomination and will insist that it meet the traditional 60 vote threshold.
We can’t have another justice who values corporate rights more than individual workers' rights. Gorsuch cannot be on the Supreme Court.
The next SCOTUS justice could help decide issues like

→ Voting rights
→ Workers' rights 
→ Women's rights
Thousands of families in New York will be directly affected by the Supreme Court's decisions in the next few years.
Budgets reflect priorities. The Trump administration’s priorities? Shortchanging women, children, seniors, low income families.
A comprehensive paid leave plan like the #FAMILYAct is good for our workers and for our economy. https://t.co/bS1QGBqNtH https://t.co/AxvxA7L5Ln
When they do things that go against our values, we'll say no. We'll fight back.
Without #paidleave, we all lose out. https://t.co/O98dTbn3cq
Our college graduates deserve better than this. https://t.co/FYgCPMqc9b
It's clear that Neil Gorsuch's judicial philosophy is outside of the mainstream. https://t.co/PunZtBH5Hv
ICYMI: @SenatorHeitkamp tells us why we all need paid leave. It's time to pass the #FAMILYAct. https://t.co/GM3uteLBn5
.@NIH does critical research on cancer, heart disease, developmental disorders, and mental illness. We can't let @POTUS ax it.
.@PBS has provided tangible educational benefits to our children and families. We can't let @POTUS ax it.
.@AmeriCorps has established a great tradition of volunteerism and national service for Americans. We can't let @POTUS ax it.
"The deepest housing cuts since 'Reagan's cuts...ushered in a new age of homelessness.'" Awful. https://t.co/mBtr4ZwMCw
The Trump #budget shortchanges our children. https://t.co/q8Yq6XeNPe
Irresponsible cuts to critical programs. @NEAarts and @NEHgov have helped fill big gaps in our early childhood ed. https://t.co/qzk3Zi3LYM https://t.co/1MsJMieJdN
How can you cut nutrition assistance for women and kids? Heartless to let any person—any kid—go hungry in America. https://t.co/kvl9gwKAN9
Throwing 24 million people off of coverage is wrong. Charging seniors more for their care is wrong. Defunding @PPFA is wrong. #Trumpcare
.@POTUS's budget makes drastic cuts that'll shortchange middle class New Yorkers, seniors, and students—all while hurting our economy. https://t.co/KuLOpLyxXW
Military leaders must hold people accountable in the Marine photo scandal. I spoke with @mitchellreports about it. https://t.co/6GxWxdLs7k
The President's travel ban is wrong and goes against everything we value as a country—glad courts have ruled against it again! https://t.co/4t9erufqdU
Our commanders are falling short on maintaining good order and discipline in our armed forces. Where's the accountability?
More evidence of a toxic climate for our female service members. https://t.co/As0XmcI8Oc
We are the only industrialized country on earth that doesn't guarantee its workers some sort of paid leave. It's time to change that. https://t.co/lNDSMMVlYX
Our college graduates need to be able to refinance their debt in the same way that our businesses and homeowners do.
When we price young people out of a college education, we all pay a price. https://t.co/lmgLT3JT6m
Today, we called on @POTUS to support our #FAMILYAct. American workers deserve affordable, comprehensive #paidleave. https://t.co/YPqgow9Ecx
It's a serious problem when members of our military denigrate female Marines. It undermines good order and discipline. We have to fix it.
Military leadership must take responsibility for a toxic culture that fosters harassment and sexual assault. https://t.co/nTPrLPwY7d
Let's keep our communities safe from gun violence and keep gun silencers out of the hands of criminals. I hope you'll speak out on this.
How can we end violence in our communities if criminals can get easy access to equipment that'd make it hard for police to solve gun crimes?
When someone gets shot by a gun with a silencer, it's quiet. Witnesses might not hear. Police will be less likely to track down the shooter.
Can you imagine if we allowed a criminal with a gun in New York City to attach a silencer to their weapon? It'd be a dangerous mistake.
I'm fighting back against bills (backed by the Trump admin) that'd make it easy for criminals to buy gun silencers. https://t.co/m1uFZNOBYI
If you want to fight back, read this: https://t.co/MytelE7Y93 #Trumpcare https://t.co/el1IUCd8zU
Like I've been saying: This plan is really bad. https://t.co/zkYkWqmSEl
Same to you. #persist https://t.co/tJEc29BUma
Extremely important to support candidates at every level. (Bonus points if you're supporting a woman running!) https://t.co/Gy0Z4z3Be1
I'll keep on the lookout for them! https://t.co/jDogLUUNko
Verma is the wrong choice to run the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. I'll be voting against her nomination.
Meanwhile, her record on Medicaid suggests she'll make it harder for low-income Americans to get the care they need.
Seema Verma's maternity leave comments are extremely out of touch with what many women face accessing health care. https://t.co/xLHSgQOrnu
Let's work to build a military justice system worthy of the sacrifices of the women and men of our armed forces.
Something's not right when our EPA administrator denies widely accepted scientific consensus. https://t.co/jCVhmjZWaL
I want to know more about what you've been doing to make yourself heard. How have you been getting #offthesidelines? https://t.co/aT9ZBSxCGU https://t.co/rMk8Lk7mTm
Well said! A great speech from Anne Hathaway. This is why we're fighting to pass the #FAMILYAct. https://t.co/mEafpZh1hO
Enough is enough already—we need to hold those involved accountable. https://t.co/htAxJAd9AX
Check this out: A great piece celebrating all of our women in the armed forces. https://t.co/XIvy2YM68v
Threats and hate crimes have no place in this country. Let's do something about it. https://t.co/EqrYIviYhd
We have to fight back against this horrible mess of a bill. The stakes are literally life and death for millions of Americans. #Trumpcare
If your plan makes drastic cuts to Medicaid, it's bad. #Trumpcare
If your plan allows insurance companies to charge older Americans more for their healthcare, it's bad. #Trumpcare
If your plan puts working families at risk of losing their health coverage, it's bad. #Trumpcare
It's clear: Americans deserve #paidleave—and most Americans support it. https://t.co/5yCjYk6rGy
The failure of the chain of command to hold senior leadership accountable is unacceptable. https://t.co/De9o9sMsBb
Access to health care is a human right. Now that millions more Americans finally have it, it'd be wrong of us to take it away.
A new low. These threats are disgusting and have to stop. It's time to speak out and redouble our efforts. https://t.co/qERg0EzDe0
It's time for all of us to own our ambition. https://t.co/dDSccVXtkv
The climate that fosters this behavior undermines good order and discipline—and our military readiness.
I'm calling for a hearing to get to the bottom of this corrosive and abusive behavior toward female servicemembers. https://t.co/xyJRniQQVu
It's Kirsten. https://t.co/wk07mjadbg
And I’ll keep fighting for it in the Senate every single day. https://t.co/POsPiXyAFX
Proud to celebrate the powerful women who've stood up, spoken out, and shaped our history on this #InternationalWomensDay. https://t.co/JLVGvNltP2
I have a few thoughts on @POTUS's plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. https://t.co/JwWB5hO2gk
This delay will only hurt trans students who continue to face discrimination. https://t.co/q5Prws34KB
Rest assured that I, and millions of women and men across the country, will stand up for the healthcare we deserve.
Planned Parenthood will never waver in their commitment to providing a full range of reproductive health services for women and men. Never.
The Trump Administration should brace themselves for a fight. We deserve nothing less than the full range of safe reproductive care. https://t.co/EL88oIj274
We need to hold those who commit such crimes accountable as well as the commanders who allow this toxic climate to occur in the first place.
I'm infuriated. To treat fellow Marines who are willing to do anything to protect this country with such disrespect is disgraceful. https://t.co/ZfqfHx1aEr
Agreed! That's why our #FAMILYAct is gender-neutral and accommodates family caregiving for all of life's events. https://t.co/ej5JWD4Ft7
It's still antithetical to our American values. It still goes against what the Statue of Liberty has always stood for.
.@POTUS's updated #MuslimBan is still coldhearted, discriminatory, and detrimental to our security.
When you raise your voice, you can change the world. https://t.co/PLNaTo3rw9
The one thing we cannot or must not do is be silent. We must speak out. If you think it’s wrong, say so. You will be heard.
The debate in this article is the one Congress should have in public hearings. https://t.co/W571yzHZUT
This has to stop. https://t.co/VOSZOw1M2E
I'm calling for a special prosecutor &amp; a 9/11 style commission to get to the bottom of Russia's ties to the Trump admin &amp; election hacking.
Between Sessions's false testimony &amp; the Intel Committee chair working w/ WH to kill stories about Russian contacts, we need all the facts.
It's clear that AG Sessions gave false testimony under oath at his hearing. This should disqualify him from leading the Justice Department.
We need you out there. Get #offthesidelines and start making your voice heard on the issues you care about: https://t.co/lG4LKlLzJg https://t.co/5Hk5AcfIa0
We believe in religious freedom.
We believe in welcoming people into this country. 
We're not afraid of refugees.
To kick off #WomensHistoryMonth, will you tell me about an inspiring woman in your life? Share here and use #offthesidelines!
She inspired and encouraged my political activism. She taught me to work hard and speak out for what I believe in. #WomensHistoryMonth
On the first day of #WomensHistoryMonth, I want to share a bit about my grandmother Polly Noonan. https://t.co/nUJazIDi8l https://t.co/v4F8gwJgKV
That speech made clear that our president is severely out of touch with our values. #Jointsession
If @POTUS is serious about paid leave, we have the #FAMILYAct—a solid bill that'd guarantee paid leave for all Americans. #Jointsession
.@POTUS failed to deliver a real plan to create good jobs in America, end outsourcing, and raise wages. #Jointsession
I've seen no leadership from @POTUS on jobs, wages, paid leave. All I've seen are hateful messages to immigrants and transgender children.
Lisdy embodies the best of our New York values: She works hard. She gives back to her community. She loves her home.
Lisdy Contreras-Giron, a New Yorker and a DREAMer, will join me for tonight's #Jointsession: https://t.co/QrQgmUxi6L https://t.co/R00ZZuRjrG
If we care at all about protecting our families' health, clean water is a non-negotiable. This is the wrong move. https://t.co/YUDi6C5Whb
What I need to hear from @POTUS at #Jointsession: 

1. a plan for jobs
2. a plan to raise wages
3. a plan for better workplace policies
.@ConnieBritton and I had a great time that summer. Glad you got to hear all about our Madonna win, @StephenatHome! https://t.co/S0FXJSIWU2
Glad of tonight's decision in Hoosick Falls. Democracy is at its best when citizens are engaged—ready to help in any way I can. https://t.co/8hRBL43hzU
Had a great time yesterday @thewingnyc! Those who asked about running for office: I hope you'll go for it, and let me know how I can help. https://t.co/L3hbVkbdcr
We have to stand up to anti-Semitism and all forms of bigotry and hatred. We have to do everything we can to fight back.
Anyone who doubts that anti-Semitic criminals feel emboldened in our current political climate should wake up. https://t.co/fg2uNsZW8V
Thanks, Neera. Women like you and everywhere are doing a whole lot right by making yourselves heard. Keep persisting. https://t.co/RhQM0DqhYO
Good ideas don't come from Washington. They come from people willing to share their experiences and needs. Don't be afraid to share yours.
Clean air and water are important to NY communities, so I'm speaking out against the proposed deal in Hoosick Falls. https://t.co/tqHYWANAhi
You may never push something so far or so dramatically, but any one voice can spark change―never doubt it. https://t.co/MNLyZSgIuU
The Trump Admin just told millions of trans youth that they don't matter. That they don't deserve to feel welcome and safe at school.
We had made so much progress as a country in extending Title IX protections to transgender students.
We need to do everything we can to prevent and fight back against these crimes. This bill would give our seniors the resources to do that.
Scams, fraud, and financial abuse are destructive crimes that affect tens of thousands of New York's seniors every year.
Today, I made stops in Massena, Syracuse, and Elmira to talk about my Senior Financial Empowerment Act.
NEA funding touches every district across New York and the country—these cuts will hurt our working families the most.
It's foolish for @POTUS to stop critical investments in arts and our children's cognitive development.
Publicly funded arts programs like PBS have helped fill big gaps in our early childhood ed programs and cognitive skills building for kids.
.@POTUS's move to deny protections for transgender students is shameful. A horrible decision. https://t.co/gaLH3ZuQg8
But all of this is just a start. How have you been making yourself heard? Shoot me a reply here.
Share your story. This is the most important thing you can do. Use social media, talk to your friends, whatever you can to spread the word!
Contact your reps in the House and Senate, no matter which party they’re in. Many of you are already doing that, and it's great to see!
This week, I hope everyone will take at least one concrete action to help protect the Affordable Care Act. Here are some suggestions:
Love this! For the first time, two women will lead an NYPD bureau. https://t.co/8U753KLTgO
Thanks for having me on, @SethMeyers! Tune in to watch @LateNightSeth tonight at 12:35 am on NBC. https://t.co/w5OIv9c2mx
.@POTUS's response to these threats remains lackluster and insensitive—he should forcefully condemn these acts of anti-Semitism.
The latest wave of bomb threats to Jewish Community Centers in New York and across the country are alarming and unacceptable.
This is our moment in time. We're being called to stand up, speak out, and be heard, lest everything we care deeply about be taken away.
This bipartisan bill would ensure benefits for Navy veterans exposed to Agent Orange during the Vietnam War. https://t.co/RbzsgoNpuH
Last week, we reintroduced the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act. https://t.co/RbzsgoNpuH
Toured @iogopk1 today. Applaud their efforts in giving jobs to young adults in Poughkeepsie, and their delicious locally grown produce! https://t.co/7W7rSzmXFI
Stratton's mission is critical to our national security and for helping @NSF study global climate change.
An amazing afternoon around upstate New York, starting with a visit to the 109th Airlift Wing at Stratton Air Guard Base in Schenectady. https://t.co/hOuzTF6f7J
From one upstater to another, thanks for writing in. https://t.co/Ds97IBoDYa
My best wishes to the athletes who've worked hard to be able to compete in @SONYinfo! Good luck to all participating this weekend.
Scott Pruitt has been openly hostile to the protections that keep our environment safe. He did not get my vote to lead the EPA.
To use a military force to break up families is unconscionable. https://t.co/1kOoGJGhLr
That the Trump admin would even consider a plan like this is outrageous and antithetical to our values. https://t.co/1kOoGJGhLr
@SamanthaMakoski Ridiculous that you had to do that. This needs to change. Thanks for sharing and congrats to your little one on the way!
An inspiring conversation with strong women who are making change. Thanks for having me, @WomenintheWorld! https://t.co/CDQkfdvnVs
Some thoughts on paid leave for the amazing mothers @ScaryMommy. https://t.co/wev4TF2XW3
Hope to keep doing my part to live up to these words. A happy belated to Susan B. Anthony! https://t.co/Y1QklvVBN3
We should not turn back the clock on women's health. The consequences are too real and too dangerous.
We all have power to make real change, and it's important to have a role to play regardless of where we hold it.
Puzder was the wrong choice for our workers. Keep fighting back—every voice matters. https://t.co/bT93wdVQkW
Ready to make your voice heard? Tonight, I'm joining @USOWomen to talk about how we can take action.  Join us: https://t.co/QdQZ8dY6gr
We need answers, which is why there must be an independent investigation to get all the facts regarding the Trump administration and Russia.
And I am troubled by reports of Russian interference in our Presidential election.
Disturbing that Trump's admin knew for a month that Flynn had misled the Vice President and did nothing until information became public.
Best valentines ever! https://t.co/kxM9ZUXoR9
When it comes to #paidleave, a couple dollars can go pretty far. https://t.co/fkMcCiMwI7
We need you out there. Get #offthesidelines and start making your voice heard on the issues you care about: https://t.co/lG4LKlLzJg
In the face of an opioid epidemic, it's outrageous to hike the price of a crucial anti-overdose drug by 550%. https://t.co/Byzay1rz8x
We can't go back to when banks faced no consequences after making bad bets that had devastating effects on our entire economy.
We can’t go back to the way things were before the recession, when banks gambled with people’s hard earned money to boost their profits.
Mnuchin has consistently worked to boost big bank profits at a cost to American families. Will vote against him.
We all need to do this: speak up, gather strength, and support one another.
I've received many questions about where to learn about running for office. Try starting here: https://t.co/RtJL7WTrZq https://t.co/amoWIRXMhT
Amazing to see record numbers of women interested in running for office! If you are, let me know how I can help. https://t.co/b0pcrMiB1K
After 100 days, the tentative agreement at Momentive is great news–a positive step forward for our union workers. https://t.co/zOxHlVg66k
Proud to co-sponsor @KamalaHarris's bill, which would guarantee legal counsel for refugees blocked at U.S. ports of entry. https://t.co/nB6iVdwsk4
Victory for justice and the balance of powers. U.S. democracy shines. https://t.co/vTrIqfWNsf
When Americans have to choose between their family and their paycheck, we all lose. It’s time to demand #paidleave.
In one fell swoop, Sen. McConnell tried to silence not one, but two, brave women. https://t.co/uBZJECYp2e
Thanks Facebook and @SherylSandberg for making #paidleave a priority. Now let’s fight to get it to all U.S. workers. https://t.co/y5X6j2V44n
Change won’t happen in America unless people like you stand up and demand it. Make your voice heard. 
https://t.co/rw3bzbTnuH
I oppose @SenatorSessions's nomination. Our Atty. General must reject discrimination and defend all Americans' rights, no exceptions.
This is absolutely outrageous. #LetLizSpeak https://t.co/uz43tQdmPv
I'm fighting hard to pass paid leave in the Senate. Learn more about our #FAMILYAct: https://t.co/bS1QGBIolf https://t.co/oOY3kd3zYM
We need paid leave, but the only way we can pass the #FAMILYAct is to raise our voices. Learn more and share: https://t.co/bS1QGBqNtH https://t.co/jNGIGlc7Jz
The best part about the #FAMILYAct? It’s affordable—it’d cost you about $2 a week. https://t.co/Mu8aMXhJjN
The #FAMILYAct would allow every U.S. worker to take up to 12 weeks of paid leave to take care of a family or medical emergency.
Today, we re-introduced the #FAMILYAct in the Senate, a proposal that would guarantee paid leave for every American worker.
If every American worker had #paidleave, we could potentially put a collective $20.6 billion back in our pockets every year. https://t.co/AYq02pP1cZ
In the U.S., just 14% of private sector employees have access to some form of paid leave.
All too often, Americans are forced to choose between going to work or caring for a loved one.
The United States is the only industrialized country on earth that does not guarantee its workers some form of paid leave. It's shameful.
Disturbing that the GOP’s "replacement" health care plan would turn back the clock on access to birth control. https://t.co/cC7T9ieQ5H
People are making their voices heard like I've never seen before. It's making a difference. And it gives me hope.
Spoke with @TheAltWeekly about the incredible surge of activism we’ve seen happening across the country. https://t.co/s0irGYOG0a
The Senior Financial Empowerment Act would empower seniors and their families with the tools needed to combat financial fraud.
Scams, fraud, and financial abuse are destructive, dangerous crimes that affect up to tens of thousands of New York seniors every year.
Today, I’m making stops in Long Island, Utica, and Rochester to talk to New Yorkers about my Senior Financial Empowerment Act.
When survivors of sexual assault in the military speak out, they do so at great personal cost. A brave piece: https://t.co/TK8YBx8QWK
"The policies represented by #DeVos put my students’ futures on the line." 

We can't ignore these concerns: https://t.co/2DFwBjhgQ9
Despite our progress, we still have a long way to go. Let's finally commit to ensuring #paidleave for our families. https://t.co/bowlIvANZM
The Family and Medical Leave Act was signed on this day 24 years ago—an important step forward for millions of American families.
When you say that you want to defund Planned Parenthood, you tell millions of women that their health doesn't matter.
Great to see New Yorkers self-organizing after the @womensmarch. https://t.co/xAfYEAqJRt
The concerns about Betsy DeVos's nomination are real. We must listen to them. https://t.co/twnfR5te0s
I like the sound of that. Could always use another pitcher for the congressional women's softball team! https://t.co/aaDMd1AzbG
We all have a voice and a role to play, and if we don't stand up and demand action, no one will.
.@AmySchumer Got your voicemail! Thanks for the call—and thanks to all NYers who gotten #offthesidelines to make calls. I've got your back.
We can't give Neil Gorsuch the deciding SCOTUS vote. If you agree: https://t.co/SQLgo6Uv5i
If you’re ready to get #offthesidelines, join us: https://t.co/lG4LKlLzJg https://t.co/zlCfWU0RyL
Public education. Safe schools. That’s what our Education Secretary should commit to. Betsy DeVos is the wrong choice.
.@POTUS's federal hiring freeze will harm our local economies like in Rome, NY. I'll do what I can to help. https://t.co/eVqzuhaHyU
Of course! We deserve an EPA that will protect our families. https://t.co/90weC0ucFx
If the GOP destroys the Affordable Care Act, it will have real, direct consequences for millions of American women and their families.
We must all commit to building one nation indivisible with liberty, justice, and fundamental human rights for all.
February is #BlackHistoryMonth, a time to honor and pay tribute to contributions of African American leaders and pioneers in our history.
What are you doing to make sure the @womensmarch was just the beginning of the movement, not the end? How are you making your voice heard?
I applaud @3407Families efforts to achieve one level of safety for all airline passengers, whether on regional or mainline carriers.
As we approach 8 years since the Flight 3407 tragedy, an honor to meet with @3407Families, dedicated advocates for airline safety reform.
Scott Pruitt will not be vigilant on these issues—in fact, his record is hostile to them. He will not get my vote to lead the @EPA.
Contaminants in our water and air threaten New Yorkers' public health. Our children and families' lives and health are at stake.
Climate change is real. Sea levels are rising, and I've seen firsthand how violent weather has devastated communities in New York.
The @EPA must be our first line of defense in protecting air and water and combating global climate change.
I'm opposing Neil Gorsuch's nomination to the Supreme Court. Here's why: https://t.co/NwTgkR7DX2
Love to see @binghamtonu students mobilized by the @womensmarch, writing to elected officials. https://t.co/T3iqhX8PjG #offthesidelines
New Yorkers getting #offthesidelines by marching, protesting, and raising your voices—I hear you. Thanks for making yourselves heard.
A reminder that the deadline is today. #GetCovered: https://t.co/rJyLTZEisH https://t.co/tzZ9113c43
Our willingness to accept those fleeing the most dangerous and violent places on earth is what the Statue of Liberty represents.
We have to fight.
We have to stand strong.
We have to say no. 

And we must not give up. We must not give in. https://t.co/aUzFOjQJ8u
Our Secretary of State must be willing to stand up for our values. Not convinced that Rex Tillerson would use this position to do that.
I'm concerned about his enormous conflicts of interest and disturbed by his evasion on basic questions about human rights.
I'm voting no on Rex Tillerson's nomination as Secretary of State and will urge my Senate colleagues to join me.
Proud to join thousands of NYers in Battery Park yesterday to speak out against @POTUS's refugee executive order. https://t.co/MBl5gKvSPl
Outrageous that kids in Upstate NY without Internet service at home have to do their homework in the library parking lot or at McDonald's.
I fought to keep $170m in federal funding to expand rural broadband access in NY, pleased @FCC has approved it. https://t.co/CErWdQdFnW
Tomorrow, 1/31, is the deadline to enroll in the #ACA for 2017 coverage.

In NY: https://t.co/aDMdiPkbPT
Outside NY: https://t.co/rJyLTZEisH
If you're in #NYC, my office is hosting a tax prep workshop today where you can meet with experts &amp; find out if you qualify for the #EITC. https://t.co/SIIj2oTfdy
I'm with you. I support you. And I'll never stop fighting for our immigrants and refugees.
Keep marching. Keep protesting. Keep raising your voice as loudly and forcefully as you can against this hateful and discriminatory policy.
For those at rallies and protests in New York and across the country: After today, do not quiet down. Do not stop this fight.
It's an absolute moral and ethical failure, and goes against everything the Statue of Liberty represents and our New York values.
.@POTUS's Executive Order on immigrants and refugees is a mark of shame on our country. And it makes us less safe.
An honor to raise my voice with thousands of New Yorkers in Battery Park today. https://t.co/oUpkKN2bKf
Today at 2pm in Battery Park, I'll stand with thousands of concerned New Yorkers to protest Trump's shameful executive order.
Happy #LunarNewYear! Xin Nián Kuài Lè! Saehae Bog Manhi Bat-eu Saeyo! 

I wish all peace, success and happiness in the #YearoftheRooster!
Our diversity is what makes us strong. I'll continue to stand with immigrant &amp; refugee families and I'll fight in the Senate to protect them
Taking in refugees helps make our country safer by showing the world that America cares for children &amp; families facing strife &amp; persecution.
Our willingness to accept those who are fleeing the most dangerous &amp; violent places on earth is what the Statue of Liberty represents.
Pres. Trump’s executive orders on immigration &amp; refugees fly in the face of our #NY values and the foundation on which our nation was built.
Today we mark #HolocaustMemorialDay, a day to remember the millions we lost and to rededicate ourselves to ensuring it never happens again.
Today is #EITCAwarenessDay to help ensure millions of U.S. workers get the #EITC they've earned. See if you qualify https://t.co/xcAYnRWH4b
Trump admin may not want you to know this, but Jan. 31st is the deadline to enroll in the #ACA for 2017. #GetCovered https://t.co/rJyLTZEisH
So proud to nominate extraordinary students from around #NY for the service academies, congratulations to you all!
We must expand #ruralbroadband service in Upstate #NY, where some kids have to sit in a library parking lot just to do their homework.
I was proud to push for this @FCC funding and will continue fighting to get my bipartisan #ruralbroadband bill passed in the Senate.
Pleased @FCC has approved up to $170 million in federal funding to expand #ruralbroadband access in Upstate #NY. https://t.co/bM35wDh8Hi
This poster from the #WomensMarch says it all: 

"Today we march, tomorrow we run for office." #offthesidelines https://t.co/pJHq1XvfTT
Make sure the #WomensMarch was the beginning of the movement, not the end. Stay engaged, make your voice heard.

https://t.co/sbfcI67flX
Did you participate in a #WomensMarch last wknd? Tell me your story. Why did you march? I marched so women's voices will be heard #WhyIMarch
Great that #RPI will be part of Advanced Robotics Manufacturing Innovation Hub to help revitalize US manufacturing. https://t.co/tvmNgdPjKo
Joined @SenatorTester &amp; all @SenateDems in urging Pres. Trump to exempt @DeptVetAffairs from federal hiring freeze. https://t.co/xnfZYbl3Q1
I stand with @SAANYS against the nomination of Betsy DeVos for Education Secretary. https://t.co/3X622BFMlo
I will always fight to protect a woman's right to make her own health care decisions &amp; I'll work to block GOP efforts to repeal the #ACA.
44 years after #RoeVWade, we must stand against rightwing attempts to roll back progress on women's health. https://t.co/PoUIbUt29H
Inspired by these amazing women who took buses to DC for the #WomensMarch from #Hornell, #NY. https://t.co/Bbov44vWOu #offthesidelines
.@SenSchumer, @RepSeanMaloney &amp; I are urging @DeptofDefense to stop contamination of #Newburgh, #NY water supply. https://t.co/eYtaLElEBo
Horrifying @NYTimes piece about the consequences of failing to hold campus sexual assault perpetrators accountable. https://t.co/a2bNs8zBGT
I'll continue to fight for every woman's right to make her own healthcare decisions &amp; against repeal of the #ACA. Make your voices heard!
Yet many in Congress still want to overturn these advancements and turn back the clock on women's health.
Thanks to the #ACA, millions of women have access to preventive care &amp; repro health services incl contraceptive counseling &amp; birth control.
Since #RoeVWade, we've made so much progress advancing women's rights &amp; women's health, much due in part to the Affordable Care Act.
Spoke on the floor about the 44th anniv of #RoeVWade--one of the most important SCOTUS decisions in the history of women’s rights in the US.
If our public education fails, then America fails, and I do not believe Mrs. DeVos shares my commitment to a strong public education system.
Students, parents and teachers deserve an Education Secretary whose commitment to public education and safe schools will never waver.
I share your deep concerns about Betsy DeVos's nomination &amp; will be voting against her confirmation. I'll urge my colleagues to do the same.
Thank you to everyone who has reached out and made your voice heard in opposition to Betsy DeVos's nomination to be Secretary of Education.
Agree with the @PostStar--Saturday's march was just the beginning. Stay engaged, make your voices heard! https://t.co/PYGZ4Koai5
Yet another reason we must elect more women to office! https://t.co/lWr6PYFyyX #offthesidelines
Thank you @SenatorCardin for leading the fight to pass the #ERA &amp; give women full equality under the Constitution. Proud to be a co-sponsor. https://t.co/eaVOzgPGHw
