To our dedicated service members, we know how hard it can be to be away from home and loved ones, especially over the holidays.

If you need to talk or need help, you are not alone. Reach out to 1-800-273-8255 or https://t.co/wGbXNepWcQ.
When our country is plagued by wildfires &amp; flooding, powerful storms &amp; hurricanes buffet our coasts, and average Americans feel the devastating effects of climate change, we should not elevate someone in Bernard McNamee so biased in favor of fossil fuels.  https://t.co/eVfKgDFbN0
Republican election fraud in NC should be concerning for all of us. Yet President Trump and so many others are now suddenly silent on the issue

Defeating Farr was a good and important step, but we will not rest until we fully stop and reverse the GOP’s anti-voting rights crusade
The Trump Administration just released a report on climate change outlining the dire consequences if we don't act. 
 
Now is not the time to elevate someone like Bernard McNamee as our chief federal energy regulator who is biased against renewable energy.  https://t.co/TuDdBmypVw
While I will not discuss the content of the Haspel briefing, it reinforced the need for a strong response to the murder of Jamal Khashoggi. CIA Director Haspel should brief the full Senate without delay.
A young Navy pilot. A long career in public service. Elected and appointed offices. Our Ambassador to the United Nations. Our Envoy to China. The Director of Central Intelligence.

Seven decades of George H.W. Bush’s life was spent in faithful, and humble, service to his country. https://t.co/jWyy1chMjc
George H.W. Bush embodied the characteristics we admire in a president: integrity, civility, dignity, humility, and a sincere interest in bipartisanship.
 
His yearning for a kinder and gentler nation seems more needed now than when he first called for it.
George H.W. Bush will be greatly missed in many ways. He was undeniably dedicated to his country, from his time as a young Navy pilot through his long career in public service. Our hearts are with the Bush family today. https://t.co/kamWznhpFd
The data breach at Marriott compromised millions of travelers’ U.S. passport info.

A new passport costs $110.

Marriott must personally notify customers at greatest risk.

And Marriott should pay the costs of a new passport for victims who request it. https://t.co/TAUvgELObZ
It’s the first night of my grandson Noah’s first Hanukkah, and we couldn’t be happier to be together. Happy Hanukkah! https://t.co/ysv6whb0Vd
President George HW Bush will be greatly missed in many ways. He was a fine man and even when he opposed your views, you knew he was doing what he thought was best for America. His yearning for a kinder and gentler nation seems more needed now than when he first called for it.
Noah Melvin Schumer-Shapiro is happy to be home with his parents. Mom and baby continue to do well. Sweet dreams! https://t.co/ouCWbhFa0h
The President wants a shutdown, but it could be avoided if he:

1-Supports bipartisan border security bill (NOT a concrete wall)
OR
2-Agrees to 1-year CR for DHS, same funding level as last year

Country shouldn't suffer because of a #TrumpTemperTantrum. https://t.co/84tLJfYkm4
Senator Tim Scott has done a courageous thing, and he’s done the right thing. Thomas Farr has been involved in the sordid practice of voter suppression for decades and never should have been nominated, let alone confirmed to the bench. Thankfully, he won’t be.
Thomas Farr chose to represent a company that refused to rent cars to African Americans?

With each new revelation, it’s more and more clear: 

If you want to disenfranchise or discriminate against African Americans, Thomas Farr is always there to help. https://t.co/wQSBZiraoJ
With Thomas Farr’s nomination, we’re being asked to confirm the go-to guy in North Carolina if you need a lawyer to defend voter suppression.

Whether you are Republican or Democratic, liberal or conservative, that has to be disqualifying for a seat on the federal bench. https://t.co/jxLoUMRbPX
I’m always thrilled when we can celebrate New York here at the Capitol. And, this Brooklyn Night was no exception. We showed off the best of Brooklyn food and innovation for the Senate and the House. Here with @BKChamberCEO! https://t.co/ThZOazsi2V
These words are a painful reminder of just how bankrupt many of President Trump’s promises turn out to be. https://t.co/yBPYYqkeAt
Left, right, or center, everyone should be disturbed that Thomas Farr has been involved—often directly—in repeated attempts to disenfranchise African-American voters. https://t.co/oCgTUrB0JX
So proud of my daughter Jessica and her husband Michael for welcoming a baby boy. Schumers &amp; Shapiros are all 1st time grandparents!
 
Noah Melvin Schumer-Shapiro, very happy Brooklyn baby. 'Melvin' honors his great grandfather Melvin Weinshall, who was a beloved NYC cab driver. https://t.co/HhW2aPAiK6
I hope all of my colleagues on the Republican side take the time to study Thomas Farr's career. I believe they’ll find that he’s unworthy of the federal bench. And I hope they’ll join with Democrats this afternoon to reject his nomination.  https://t.co/c3gaUJMbby
Our position has been clear from the beginning: Ds &amp; Rs have a months-old agreement in the Senate. $1.6B for border security, NOT a concrete wall or increases in detention beds or ICE agents. We should stick to this agreement. If POTUS interferes, he is responsible for a shutdown
Today is an amazing day to celebrate everyone fighting to make New York, the country, and the world a better place. Show us how you’re giving back to kick off the holiday season using #GivingTuesday. https://t.co/RICXqOpPYL
Thomas Farr worked hand-in-hand with North Carolina’s Republicans in their efforts to undermine voting rights generally and deny African-Americans access to the ballot.

He must not be confirmed as a federal judge in North Carolina.  https://t.co/VgzontjnkV
To celebrate this #CyberMonday, it’s time we got out there on the internet and…
 
told @SenateMajLdr NOT to confirm Thomas Farr as a federal judge in North Carolina.
 
Farr has spent decades going to court against voting rights, workers’ rights, and LGBT rights. #StopFarr
Overjoyed that my good friend @AndreaSCousins has now officially become the first female Majority Leader of the New York State Senate. I know that she will be a terrific leader both in the caucus and for New Yorkers.
Thomas Farr has spent his long legal career working against the rights of citizens to vote and the right of workers to organize. 
 
Surely, that is not the kind of person we want on the federal bench. #StopFarr LIVESTREAM https://t.co/ApD4gnDuyj
I remember that first time Americans set foot on the moon. And I feel that same wonder every time @NASA pushes us farther and farther out into the universe.
 
Congratulations on another amazing landing on Mars, NASA! #MarsLanding @NASAInSight https://t.co/XPXXFNGMBy
“Had the White House deliberately sought to identify an attorney in North Carolina with a more hostile record on African-American voting rights and workers’ rights than Thomas Farr, it could hardly have done so.” —The Congressional Black Caucus @OfficialCBC #StopFarr
Why did Trump admin release the climate report on black Friday? Because they don’t want you to know the devastating effects of their failure to address climate change.

Any infrastructure package considered by Congress next year MUST invest in clean energy and climate resiliency.
"Even among dangerous Trump nominees, Farr stands out for his decades-long crusade to disenfranchise African Americans." —@NAACP
 
Thomas Farr cannot be confirmed as a federal judge in North Carolina.
Today is #SmallBizSat! There are 30 million small businesses in the U.S. It’s time to get out there and support small businesses across New York and across the country. #ShopSmall https://t.co/rvpvwPyq2M
Good that Pres Trump called the troops, but he loses when he makes it political.

People of all ideologies &amp; stripes serve bravely &amp; voluntarily—shouldn’t be subject to political harangue from Commander in Chief. 

As President, he disappoints even in the most sacred of areas.
I don’t agree very often with Chief Justice Roberts, especially his partisan decisions which seem highly political on Citizens United, Janus, and Shelby.

But I am thankful today that he—almost alone among Republicans—stood up to President Trump and for an independent judiciary.
Thanksgiving with my brother—who makes a great turkey—joined by my parents Abe and Selma, both in their 90s, and lots of family. We have so much to be thankful for. #HappyThanksgiving https://t.co/9zFeyhPilN
I’m so thankful to be with my family this Thanksgiving. I’m so thankful for this amazing country we all share. And I’m so thankful for our service members and their families, especially those who can’t be together today as they are serving our country so proudly. https://t.co/P1IyHxMbfq
Yesterday, you’re ignoring an egregious murder. Today, you’re thanking them for lower oil prices?
 
Enough.
 
Congress must act now and pass the Menendez-Young and Lee-Sanders bills to hold Saudi Arabia responsible for its actions in Yemen and against journalist Jamal Khashoggi. https://t.co/kTAQsFulAH
So proud of you for your work to combat e-cigs that use kid-friendly flavors to hook teens. It’s students like these that make me hopeful for the future of our politics. https://t.co/Lw8p0jJpRR
The @SenateGOP blocked 2 women nominated by Obama for this judgeship. Either would have been 1st Af-Am federal judge to serve in this district.

Now they want to confirm a man who aided the most strident attempts by NC Republicans to keep minorities from voting? Unreal. #StopFarr https://t.co/FZxx4HfvIK
The Trump administration dumped this tonight because they’re hoping no one is paying attention 2 days before Thanksgiving. But we are.
 
What could Whitaker have possibly done to accept $1.2 MILLION from an undisclosed, dark money political organization? https://t.co/TQz9aL9s0p
This would surprise no one, but it makes the unconstitutional appointment of Mr. Whitaker as Acting AG all the more suspect.
 
@TheJusticeDept Inspector General must investigate President Trump’s communications with Whitaker immediately! https://t.co/nMV2bMQM48
I’m saddened by the passing of Mayor Dan Dwyer of the City of Rensselaer. He was a passionate fighter for his city, right up to his final days. May God bless him and his family.
“Maybe they did, maybe they didn’t"?!

You can’t just throw in some exclamations (!!!!), yell that the world is dangerous, and call it a press release.

That's not how a U.S. President responds to the murder of a journalist and American resident. https://t.co/cfGPgSSngt
He’s gone to court to fight against voting rights.

He’s gone to court to fight against workers’ rights.

He’s gone to court to fight against LGBT rights.

Now GOP &amp; President Trump want make him a federal judge in NC.

Tell @SenateMajLdr that Thomas Farr must not be confirmed.
Did Matthew Whitaker share confidential information about Mueller’s investigation with President Trump? 

@TheJusticeDept Inspector General must investigate now. https://t.co/7oaqbKlsdy
If the predictions hold true, Thanksgiving will be amongst the busiest ever in our Upstate &amp; Capital Region airports. That means 10s of 1000s of air travelers being forced to sit in a seat that was larger not too long ago.
 
I'm demanding FAA get to work on this once and for all. https://t.co/xAVVQHNB9a
With more than 675 Syracuse children poisoned by lead last year, we need to act to remove lead-based threats. Congress must pass a $30 million funding increase for @HUDgov’s lead hazard removal program. HUD must approve the city’s application to restart its lead removal program. https://t.co/QnVzTkEiXs
Mr. Whitaker’s appointment should concern every American—regardless of party affiliation—who cares about the rule of law and justice in our country.
Even if you put aside Mr. Whitaker’s many conflicts of interest and history of hostile comments toward the special counsel’s investigation, his appointment as acting AG is in direct violation of the Constitution’s Appointments Clause.
I commend Senators Blumenthal, Hirono, and Whitehouse for bringing this important lawsuit and shining a bright light on the president’s unconstitutional appointment of Matthew Whitaker as acting attorney general.
Thomas Farr must not be confirmed to a lifetime appointment as a Federal Judge in North Carolina. It’s hard to believe President Trump nominated him, and it’s even harder to believe the Senate Republicans are considering it again.
Farr appealed to the United States Supreme Court which also rejected his arguments and affirmed the District Court’s ruling. https://t.co/dgcYVY890y
The court held that “race predominated in both” congressional districts and that the 2011 redistricting “affected North Carolina citizens' fundamental right to vote, in violation of the Equal Protection Clause.” https://t.co/5HhwT5qoh5
Farr argued that plaintiffs had “failed to demonstrate that race was the ‘predominant factor’ used by the General Assembly in drawing” the two congressional districts. A U.S. District Court rejected Farr’s arguments.
In Harris v. McCrory, yet another challenge to NC’s 2011 redistricting plan, the plaintiffs alleged that the NC legislature violated the 14th Amendment when it used race as the predominant consideration with respect to two congressional districts redrawn after the 2010 census.
Although the NC Supreme Court agreed with Farr, the U.S. Supreme Court ultimately vacated the state court’s judgment. They remanded the decision in light of Harris v. McCrory/Cooper v. Harris. What did this decision say?
In his arguments, Farr dismissed the challenges as politically motivated and argued that NC had a compelling interest “in preemptively factoring race into its redistricting process” to avoid liability under the Voting Rights Act.
In 2014, Farr represented NC in Dickson v. Rucho, a case in which both the legislative and the congressional plans in the state’s 2011 redistricting were challenged as impermissible racial gerrymanders.
In their rejection, the court held the districts unconstitutional, citing “copious statewide evidence” that “race was the predominant criterion in drawing all of the challenged districts.” The decision was later affirmed by the Supreme Court. https://t.co/u4u4c3bZ7X
In Covington v. NC, Farr argued that race was not the primary factor used in the redistricting. And even if it was, Farr argued the NC legislature’s use of race was reasonably necessary to comply with the Voting Rights Act. The trial court rejected this argument.
In 2016-17, Farr represented NC in Covington v. NC, a challenge to the state’s 2011 legislative redistricting alleging each of NC’s 19 state House districts &amp; 9 state Senate districts constituted a racial gerrymander violating the Equal Protection Clause. https://t.co/fgf3qJhp6C
Hard to believe Senate Republicans are trying again to vote on the nomination of Thomas Farr as a federal judge in NC. Farr's represented the NC legislature in not 1, not 2, but 3 challenges to the state’s 2011 congressional and legislative redistricting. Here’s how that went:
We’re more than happy to vote on Mueller and the Special Counsel investigation. If that’s what you want, tell Senator McConnell to send a bill protecting Mueller to the Senate floor! https://t.co/j8Q27MUE8R
Whitaker still refuses to say if he’ll recuse from Special Counsel investigation &amp; we haven’t even seen his public financial disclosures? Ethics in Government Act requires him to disclose publicly.
 
How can anyone trust him to enforce the law if he refuses to follow it himself? https://t.co/QxBtz7ITcS
President Trump should not roll over on trade with China, on protecting intellectual property and letting American firms compete. If we cannot come to an agreement, Trump should not cave to the doves in his Administration who'd continue allowing China to steal our jobs &amp; wealth.
Nancy Pelosi will be an excellent Speaker of the House. I fully support her. She will move the country forward, and improve life for the middle class and those trying to get there.
He’s really hurting. Democrats won 7 Senate seats in states Trump won in 2016. https://t.co/jWfzPI9KQi
What I said about Andrew Wheeler when he was first nominated at @EPA still applies.

He’s simply the latest in a long line of swamp nominees. A lobbyist who fought for polluters and climate-change deniers. He’ll fight to make our water less safe and our air less clean. https://t.co/rurXsVArjq
Said it last time @SenateGOP tried to vote on Thomas Farr’s nomination as a federal judge. Saying it again now:

Farr has shown he's willing to defend the most strident attempts by NC Republicans to make it more difficult for minorities to vote.

I strongly oppose his nomination. https://t.co/UfVWS9WvSh
Every American should be alarmed by the attempt to confirm a nominee with Farr’s egregious record on voting rights, particularly with the Republican agenda to maintain power by limiting access to the ballot now on full display.
The 4th Circuit Court of Appeals rejected Farr’s arguments finding instead that North Carolina’s laws work to "target African Americans with almost surgical precision" and "impose cures for problems that did not exist." https://t.co/j7Y7qHFKTZ
In a lawsuit brought by several groups challenging the law, Farr defended North Carolina and argued that the voter ID provision in particular was not problematic.
In addition to reducing early-voting days &amp; eliminating same-day registration and preregistration of teenage voters, the North Carolina Legislature also implemented strict voter ID laws requiring voters to show certain photo IDs which African-Americans disproportionately lacked.
After gathering data on the use of certain voting practices broken down by race, the North Carolina Legislature drafted a law that targeted voting practices like early voting and same-day registration that were disproportionately utilized by African-American voters.
Farr defended the Republican-controlled North Carolina Legislature in a challenge to the restrictive voting laws it enacted shortly after the Supreme Court, led by Chief Justice Roberts, gutted the Voting Rights Act.
I hope this story isn’t true. It was a bad idea when General Flynn proposed it, and it’s still a bad idea.
 
U.S. residents should not be used as pawns to appease foreign leaders who flout the rule of law.
 
@realDonaldTrump should confirm that this will not happen.
Today is #RuralHealthDay. And, we’re celebrating with a reminder that you still have one month left to sign up for health insurance. If you’re not covered, what are you waiting for?! https://t.co/n6WmsIabKw https://t.co/8nliBn2945
The Trump Administration keeps cutting funding to let people know you can sign up for health insurance by Dec. 15. They don’t want you to know it’s happening.
 
Now it’s on us: Tell your friends that you have one month to sign up for health insurance at https://t.co/n6WmsIabKw! https://t.co/eXB0o3q7ZB
It’s been almost a week since we called on Matthew Whitaker to recuse himself from overseeing the Special Counsel Investigation. And, we have heard nothing but crickets from the DOJ Ethics Official.

Congress must pass legislation now to protect the Mueller investigation.
Clean up the mess in the White House, and let Mueller do his job. We must pass legislation now to protect the Special Counsel investigation from the President. https://t.co/x9qjujwB2Z
50 years ago, Shirley Chisholm—a fellow Brooklynite—became the first African-American woman elected to Congress. I'm proud to introduce a Senate resolution, along with @RepYvetteClarke and @RepBarbaraLee in the House, to honor her achievements and her legacy of public service. https://t.co/FDyfuvy9mF
We have tremendous unity in our caucus. That unity has been our strength, and it will continue to be as strong as ever in the 116th Congress. Democrats are going to be relentlessly focused on the issues that matter most to the American people. https://t.co/3pE7KLYdci
Congrats to @JoleenFerris for 25 years of reporting at @WKTV in Utica, New York. It’s local beats like hers that keep New Yorkers in the know. #SmithHill
We are demanding that Mr. Whitaker recuse himself from the Russia investigation. We’ve heard that Mr. Whitaker is meeting with DOJ ethics officials this week, and we expect that Congress will be notified about the results of those discussions. https://t.co/iLhTuTIpYB
Every single Florida voter, whether they mailed in their ballot, whether they showed up at the polls, no matter for whom they legally cast their vote—must have their vote counted.  https://t.co/Urv3E6TFJ1
Women of the West. Two new great women Democratic senators from the western part of the United States, Kyrsten Sinema from Arizona and Jacky Rosen from Nevada. So proud we’ll be working with them in January. https://t.co/jx3heTQFde
@sgs2852 Yes, some of us do! And I truly thank you, sir, for your service. Never Forget!
@upuouo Disgraceful!
@JZMesser Agreed!
Some presidents respect and honor our veterans. Some try to prevent the troops' votes from being counted. https://t.co/6rK1A8CLWX
The biggest travel complaint I hear from airline customers is shrinking seats, and Thanksgiving will likely be amongst the busiest ever in NY airports.
 
It's why I wrote the law to combat sardine-like packing of people and why the FAA must get to work on reining in this problem.
Consumer advocates say 10s of 1000s of veterans have been affected by fraudulent lending practices against Military Lending Act rules recently, so why is the @CFPB no longer policing the Military Lending Act?
 
CFPB must get back to doing the full job Congress empowered it to do.
It’s a proud weekend celebrating #VeteransDay, 100 years since the end of WWI, the 243rd birthday of the @USMC, and all of our incredible men and women who have served and sacrificed for this country we all believe in.
Governor Scott’s hand-picked Secretary of State in Florida has said there is no evidence of fraud, and the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, which Scott oversees, has said there is no fraud. https://t.co/FeEQzdSSix
Governor Scott and President Trump are spewing baseless claims of voter fraud in Florida. But Governor Scott’s own appointees are saying no evidence of fraud exists.
Governor Scott has a self-interest in manipulating the Florida Senate election, in which he is a candidate.

He should recuse himself immediately and stay out of this election all together. https://t.co/FeEQzdSSix
We are calling on the Chief Ethics Official at DOJ to notify us whether Mr. Whitaker has been advised to recuse himself from overseeing Mueller’s investigation. 

And, we will force Congress to act to protect the Mueller investigation. https://t.co/vdGwOC9cHv
My heart goes out to the first responders and everyone affected by the wildfires in California. We are monitoring the situation and will do all we can to help. Please follow all evacuation orders and find out more from @CAL_FIRE: https://t.co/dFtBdt1YBf
Today I’m thinking about Albany’s Sergeant Henry Johnson. We laid a wreath for him in 2015 when he was awarded the Medal of Honor. A member of a WWI all-black infantry group, he singlehandedly repelled a group of German soldiers to save a fellow soldier from capture. #VeteransDay https://t.co/Gpyoz8yyvr
What @realDonaldTrump’s afraid of:
1. Putin
2. Mueller
3. Rain

The President cancelled his visit to an American cemetery in France to mark 100 years since WWI. Even if the helicopters couldn’t fly, he could’ve driven. He must just be afraid of a little rain.
Mr. President: Every voter is entitled to vote whether they agree with you or not. Democracy is stronger than you are. Cut the crap. https://t.co/VZeIUSqgOB
Many people are saying @realDonaldTrump’s appointment of Matthew Whitaker as Acting Attorney General is unconstitutional.  
 
Mr. President, what are you trying to hide? https://t.co/2FhcNAMTs2
Brian Kemp eventually realized that it’s completely inappropriate to use one’s official powers to influence one’s own election. Governor Scott should realize that as well. https://t.co/SFeBhUsypK
In a democracy, no one—not even the President—can prevent the lawful counting of votes. We will not allow him or anyone else to steal this election. https://t.co/RZLuSOLfec
To #ProtectMueller’s investigation, Acting Attorney General Whitaker must recuse himself given his previous comments advocating defunding and imposing limitations on the Mueller investigation. #NoOneIsAboveTheLaw https://t.co/5Ab5LD2QpE
Our hearts go out to the victims, their families, and the brave first responders in Thousand Oaks. Our prayers are with the survivors for their recovery. This is yet another reminder of the scourge of gun violence that has plagued America for far too long. We must act to stop it.
Given his previous comments advocating defunding and imposing limitations on the Mueller investigation, Mr. Whitaker should recuse himself from its oversight for the duration of his time as acting attorney general.
Clearly, the President has something to hide. https://t.co/m1sQV9oBwl
https://t.co/mXSqgL6lvt
One of the most important things you can do as an American citizen is vote, and I’m proud to say I just cast my own ballot. Thank you to all of the amazing poll workers and election officials working so hard today for all of us! #ElectionDay https://t.co/1riGYn8XJX
Don’t forget: More than 98% of health care groups that responded to Republicans’ junk plan expansion criticized it and said it would hurt those with pre-existing conditions. https://t.co/kg5VkWNF1s
The American Academy of Family Physicians @AAFP on Republicans’ junk plans:

"Could subject patients to catastrophic medical bills and medical bankruptcy."
 
"Will not provide meaningful insurance coverage.”
That Republican lawsuit to overturn our health care law? What the @SEIU has to say about what it would do:
 
“Strip health coverage and protections from nearly 30 MILLION PEOPLE."

"Have catastrophic economic consequences.”
“It poses a serious threat to patients' care, especially those that need coverage for illnesses or pre-existing conditions."

The bottom line of what the American Nurses Association @ANANursingWorld say about President Trump’s health care agenda?

"Patients deserve better."
Doug was a beacon for truth, justice, and jobs in Western New York. A voice like his will be missed at any time in history, but especially in times like these. https://t.co/TPpAVqrwL1
“Dangerous for mental health.”
“Harder for people to get psychiatric medications, case management, &amp; mental health services.”
“States can let health insurance plans drop mental health benefits.”
—@NAMICommunicate on would-be consequences of President Trump’s health care agenda
“Jeopardizes health care for the nation’s most vulnerable children: Students with disabilities and students in poverty.”
 
That’s what education groups, principals, school nurses, social workers, and the @AutismSociety had to say about President Trump’s health care agenda.
President Trump’s health care agenda would:
 
"Result in reductions in health care coverage, particularly for individuals with substance use disorders and mental illness.”

—The Coalition to @StopOpioidOD
Note to Senator Tillis: There is nothing “courageous” about voting to gut protections for people with pre-existing conditions. https://t.co/ezox4wxiAj
Hannah Gavios’s story of recovery is inspiring for all of us, a reminder about why we fight so hard for health care for the American people &amp; the people of New York. So proud to see her in the @NYCMarathon today. Best of luck to Hannah &amp; all the runners! https://t.co/RInLNYeYUb
New York’s got some pretty cute kids. So glad New York schools and families could come together for some fun and costumes (and maybe even some candy!) this Halloween. 🎃 https://t.co/c9oFnjfUuP
From my family to Jewish Americans across the country, Shabbat Shalom. We will all work together to continue to champion peace and family. #ShowUpForShabbat https://t.co/GUMtWea9mk
It was Halloween in the Senate too this week: These amazing kids came to Capitol Hill to trick or treat so they could remind all of us exactly who the Republicans will hurt if they repeal our health care law and end protections for pre-existing conditions. https://t.co/blCVgLj3LG
“Devastating consequences for children and families.” —@Hospitals4Kids on President Trump’s health care agenda
 
“Millions of children in working families would no longer be assured that their private insurance covers the most basic of services without annual &amp; lifetime limits.”
What the @AARP has to say about President Trump’s health care agenda:

It would hit “older Americans with an age tax, decrease coverage, and undermine preexisting condition protections.”
Latest jobs numbers may look good but don't forget they coexist with a huge deficit-ballooning GOP tax break mainly for corporations for which we'll pay a price down the road.

When families see their health care costs go up because of GOP actions, these numbers will mean little.
We're in an addiction and mental health crisis.
 
So why is @APAPsychiatric saying:
 
President Trump's health care agenda could return us “to the times when mental and behavioral health along with substance care were not considered critical elements to effective health care."
The @AmerMedicalAssn, family doctors, &amp; pediatricians say GOP lawsuit to overturn our health care law and end pre-existing condition protections would:
“Strip health care from tens of millions"
"Produce skyrocketing insurance costs"
"Sow chaos in the nation’s health care system”
"Devastating for the millions of Americans who suffer from serious illness or have preexisting conditions &amp; rely on those protections under current law to obtain life-saving health care.” —@American_Heart on President Trump’s lawsuit to end protections for pre-existing conditions
Patient groups like the American @LungAssociation are fighting in court this week to stop Republicans’ junk insurance plans.

Why?

They say this agenda “poses a very real threat to the health of many millions of Americans.”
President Trump’s health care agenda “would be harmful to cancer patients and survivors.”

Insurers “could charge the patient an unaffordable premium essentially denying coverage.”

That’s according to the @AmericanCancer Society.
Today is the first day you can sign up for health care if you’re not covered, want to change your plan, or need to re-enroll. Head over to https://t.co/n6WmsIabKw right now to #GetCovered. https://t.co/PWXbDxCFIa
One. More. Day. 📅
 
Tomorrow, you can start signing up for health care if you’re not covered or if you want to change your plan.
 
https://t.co/n6WmsIrMC4 https://t.co/U1S8w91MJz
They can’t lie their way out of this: Republicans are working to cut protections for pre-existing conditions. Period. https://t.co/cEYLsexdO3
2 out of 3 seniors in nursing homes are paid for by Medicaid, but President Trump’s agenda would gut Medicaid by $1 trillion. That means less care for seniors just when they need it most.
President Trump’s health care agenda would gut Medicaid by $1 trillion. 

Millions of Americans would lose coverage

Millions more would see benefits cut or costs go up.
Reminder: Here’s what Republicans told us they want to cut to pay for their tax cuts for corporations and the wealthiest few:
✂ Medicare
✂ Medicaid
✂ Social Security
Literally no one believes that. https://t.co/icoAf95O8t
President Trump &amp; GOP pushed a health care agenda that would let insurance companies charge older Americans 5X MORE than younger people.

That’s while cutting tax credits to help afford insurance.

Premiums could be $15K more per year.

Does that help Americans get better care?
Republican junk plans won’t cover maternity care. That’s why groups that protect women and people with pre-existing conditions went to court this week to fight for it.
The Republican health care agenda? It would mean cutting coverage for critical care like mental health treatment, substance abuse care for things like opioid addiction, and maternity care.
What we know about President Trump’s Health Care agenda: 

He supports letting employers impose lifetime &amp; annual limits on critical types of health care. That means coverage could be cut off just when you get sick &amp; need it most. 

But isn’t that the whole point of health care?
Quedan dos días: Si usted no tiene seguro médico o quiere cambiar su plan de cobertura médica, inscríbase comenzando el 1 de noviembre: https://t.co/UCNzBFzq1A
2 Days to Go: If you’re not covered or if you want to make changes to your plan, you can sign up starting on November 1: https://t.co/n6WmsIabKw https://t.co/Yqo1X5eQmr
¿Tienes seguro médico? ¿Buscas un nuevo plan? Usted puede inscribirse para obtener cobertura médica o cambiar su plan comenzando el 1 de noviembre: https://t.co/UCNzBFzq1A https://t.co/hQSVRnXE2f
Are you covered? Looking for a new plan? You can sign up for health insurance or make changes to your plan starting on November 1: https://t.co/n6WmsIabKw https://t.co/pcQWhMpci4
And why I’ve pressed Congress to pass laws that institute more oversight of insurance companies participating in the flood insurance program and for stricter controls on lawyers who defend insurance companies against homeowners.
But, we still have more work to do. That’s why I’m fighting hard for a long term re-authorization of the National Flood Insurance Program with reforms to better provide homeowners with flood protection for a stable and fair cost.
That’s why I worked hard to secure a $60 billion federal investment to rebuild our homes, revitalize our communities, and fortify our critical infrastructure against future extreme weather events.
Today marks six years since Superstorm Sandy ravaged homes and communities in New York. We’re still working to build back stronger than ever.
Seeing the names and learning of the lives of those who were brutally massacred by the vilest of reasons—anti-Semitism—deepens our sadness even further. Each was a life with family, friends, and memories.
Another terrible tragedy. Our hearts go out to the victims, and their families, and all of the members of Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh.
A huge thank you to the brave @NYPDnews, @FBI, and other first responders putting themselves on the line to protect us all. Your professionalism is amazing.
Pathetic.

When potential terrorism strikes, we should be pulling together, not playing politics. https://t.co/QhD7IaSTd9
With Typhoon Yutu’s devastation in the Northern Mariana Islands, this is the strongest storm to hit any part of the U.S. since 1935. We stand with you, and we will do our part to help.
Just last week, Leader McConnell flat out admitted that Republicans will try to take away health care from Americans, and said that Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security must be cut to offset the cost of tax breaks for corporations and the wealthiest few.
It's hard to take the Trump administration and Republicans seriously about reducing health care costs for seniors when they have repeatedly advocated for and implemented policies that strip away protections for people with pre-existing conditions.
President Trump's words ring hollow until he reverses his statements that condone acts of violence. https://t.co/vxqRaUvu53
It is simply not true that Republicans will protect coverage for pre-existing conditions, Mr. President.
And, Senator McConnell said he wanted to cut Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security to pay for the Republican tax cuts for corporations.
Senator McConnell said he still wanted to repeal our health care law, which was designed to help protect coverage for Americans with pre-existing conditions.
Just last week, Senator McConnell said he supports the Republican lawsuit—backed by your administration—that would get rid of protections for pre-existing conditions.
Mr. President, 4 words for you: Drop the lawsuit now.
Good morning, America. This is a lie. https://t.co/JXD8RzxJ1Y
#EverybodyShouldGet protections for pre-existing conditions. But President Trump, Senator McConnell, and the Republicans keep working to undermine them, no matter what they might say. https://t.co/W2lWaK01jS
Make no mistake: Despicable acts of violence and harassment are being carried out by radicals across the political spectrum—not just by one side. Regardless of who is responsible, these acts are wrong and must be condemned by Democrats and Republicans alike. Period. https://t.co/gopVUDO5dc
No amount of revisionism or protestations to the contrary can cover up the fact that Republicans are putting the health insurance companies first and leaving American families out to dry.
Today is yet another step in the GOP’s effort to tear down our health care system, leading to higher health care costs for millions of families, particularly those with pre-existing conditions.
Today, the administration plainly admitted its intention is to use taxpayer dollars to fund junk insurance plans that don’t cover pre-existing conditions, which could lead to medical bankruptcy for many American families in order to pad the pockets of health insurance executives.
Republicans are once again undermining protections for people with pre-existing conditions and sabotaging our health care system.
The American people should look at what Republicans are doing, rather than what they’re saying, when it comes to health care.
The Trump administration continues to attack protections for transgender Americans.

We will not stand for this discrimination. 

Because transgender rights are human rights.

And, they #WontBeErased.
Do Senator McConnell and Republicans really think the middle class and Americans across the country want to see cuts to Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, our health care law, and protections for pre-existing conditions? 

It’s hard to believe, but they keep saying it out loud.
We must demand a culture of safety in the skies. @Pix11News &amp; @KatieCorradoTV met with customers coming off @FlyNYON doors-off chopper flights who had no idea about the dangers that killed 5 innocent people last March: https://t.co/YUVp80GYNq
Across America, Republicans are ensuring people pay more for health care and get less. And now, Sen McConnell says he wants to cut Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, to cut 30 million people off health insurance, &amp; to support a lawsuit to end pre-existing condition protections.
The Republican Health Care Plan, according to Senator McConnell:
❌ Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security should be cut to pay for corporate tax cuts
❌ Repeal our health care law
❌ Support the lawsuit to get rid of protections for pre-existing conditions
In case you were looking for a reminder about what Senator McConnell and Republicans said this week about health care: https://t.co/zNmVfq7Y1b
Democrats are focused like a laser on health care and will not be diverted.
Mitch McConnell, Paul Ryan, and Republicans in Washington are making a mess of our health care system, causing premiums to increase and care to decrease while threatening to gut protections for pre-existing conditions.
The president is desperate to change the subject from health care to immigration because he knows that health care is the number one issue Americans care about. https://t.co/BNutbA0m5r
Sen. McConnell on health care this week:
1: Republicans want to cut Medicare, Medicaid, &amp; Social Security to pay for tax cuts for corporations.
2: Rs will try again to repeal our health care law.
3: He supports the lawsuit that could get rid of pre-existing condition protections. https://t.co/7KvJdYjNHa
Republicans want to pull from Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid to pay for their tax giveaway to corporations and the wealthiest few. This morning, I’m headed to @Morning_Joe bright and early to talk about it. Tune in at 7am ET.
What he said is vile, and those that laughed and applauded should be ashamed. https://t.co/WwcOmBr9m5
Mr. President, we’ve seen you play this game before, and it’s just not fair to the American people. https://t.co/Dys4j1SZxn
You should speak to every Senate Republican who backed Graham-Cassidy. Because “the bottom line is these protections are much more at risk under this bill than they are now." https://t.co/mqWLJZmQzn
You should speak to Senator Wicker. Because he backed Graham-Cassidy even though it “would further allow insurers to discriminate against individuals with pre-existing conditions.” https://t.co/oWpORHsOaq
You should speak to Senator Blunt. Because he supported the Senate Republican healthcare bill that “would allow insurers to charge unaffordable premiums based on those pre-existing conditions,” according to the American Medical Association https://t.co/lfCmVxYWwD
You should speak to conservative Senate Republicans. Because they who offered a plan that “would leave patients and those with pre-existing conditions paying more for less coverage,” according to the American Cancer Society. https://t.co/WCp6UHHKGU
You should speak to Senators Graham, Cassidy, Heller &amp; Johnson. Because their plan “would allow states to once again permit insurance companies to charge people with pre-existing conditions more just because they have cancer, asthma or diabetes” says AARP. https://t.co/AhCyBnXLgR
You should speak to Senator Cruz. Because he offered a plan that “would undermine protections for those with pre-existing medical conditions.” https://t.co/XSfgREW1yx
You should speak to House Republicans. Because their healthcare bill would cause the healthcare costs for Americans with pre-existing conditions to “increase rapidly,” according to CBO. https://t.co/QJjtLznnTe
You should speak to Senate Republicans. Because they voted this week to support your administration’s junk insurance rules that don’t offer pre-existing condition protections. https://t.co/2Oaj8pnHfx
…and for that matter, you should speak to your own Attorney General, Jeff Sessions. Because he supports their lawsuit.
Twentieth, Attorney General Patrick Morrisey from West Virginia. Because he is trying to gut protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions through the courts.
Nineteenth, Attorney General Sean Reyes from Utah. Because he is trying to gut protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions through the courts.
Eighteenth, Attorney General Herbert Slatery III from Tennessee. Because he is trying to gut protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions through the courts.
Seventeenth, Attorney General Marty Jackley from South Dakota. Because he is trying to gut protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions through the courts.
Sixteenth, Attorney General Alan Wilson from South Carolina. Because he is trying to gut protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions through the courts.
Fifteenth, Attorney General Wayne Stenehjem from North Dakota. Because he is trying to gut protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions through the courts.
Fourteenth, Attorney General Doug Peterson from Nebraska. Because he is trying to gut protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions through the courts.
Thirteenth, Attorney General Josh Hawley from Missouri. Because he is trying to gut protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions through the courts.
Twelfth, Governor Phil Bryant from Mississippi. Because he is trying to gut protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions through the courts.
Eleventh, Governor Paul LePage from Maine. Because he is trying to gut protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions through the courts.
Tenth, Attorney General Jeff Landry from Louisiana. Because he is trying to gut protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions through the courts.
Ninth, Attorney General Derek Schmidt from Kansas. Because he is trying to gut protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions through the courts.
Eighth, Attorney General Curtis Hill from Indiana. Because he is trying to gut protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions through the courts.
Seventh, Attorney General Christopher Carr from Georgia. Because he is trying to gut protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions through the courts.
Sixth, Attorney General Pam Bondi from Florida. Because she is trying to gut protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions through the courts.
Fifth, Attorney General Mark Brnovich from Arizona. Because he is trying to gut protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions through the courts.
Fourth, Attorney General Leslie Rutledge from Arkansas. Because she is trying to gut protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions through the courts.
Third, Attorney General Steve Marshall from Alabama. Because he is trying to gut protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions through the courts.
Second, Attorney General Brad Schimel from Wisconsin. Because he is trying to gut protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions through the courts.
First, Attorney General Ken Paxton from Texas. Because he is trying to gut protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions through the courts.
You should speak to 18 Republican Attorneys General and 2 Republican Governors. Because they are trying to gut protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions through the courts. https://t.co/wDHhPf2aRo
You should speak to Speaker Ryan. Because he supported a bill that “would allow for people with pre-existing conditions to be charged more per year for their insurance coverage.” https://t.co/a6dWfBiQtE
You should speak to Senator McConnell. Because just this week, he defended the lawsuit that would end protections for people with pre-existing conditions. https://t.co/sOztmOwUVX
And of course, every Republican SAYS they support protections for pre-existing conditions, but then they vote against them. If you are making calls, here’s who’ll you need to speak to:
Mr. President: Look in the mirror, and you’ll see the person you need to speak with. Pull back your lawsuit fighting to undo protections for pre-existing conditions. https://t.co/IVZsGesVRa
They promised the tax cuts for corporations would pay for themselves.
Then they blew a $2 trillion hole in the deficit.
And now they’re coming for Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid.
But don’t take my word for it.
Listen to the Republicans themselves: https://t.co/GGG1EMpIqT
The contrast with the Democratic platform on health care could not be starker: Republicans want Americans to pay more for less care, Democrats believe every American should have better, more affordable health care.
In recent days, Leader McConnell has also made clear that Republicans would attempt to repeal the health care law and may pursue cuts to Medicare, Social Security, and Medicaid to address a deficit they ballooned.
Leader McConnell has made it crystal clear that Republicans are for eliminating protections for pre-existing conditions.
Seriously, do the Republicans think no one will notice their reverse Robin Hood plan? They plan to take money from the middle class and give it to the corporations. https://t.co/VTXLlOeznh
Republicans will do everything they can to take away families’ health care and raise their costs, whether it be eliminating protections for pre-existing conditions, repealing the health care law, or cutting Medicare &amp; Medicaid. Americans should take Senator McConnell at his word.
Republicans→ ”The tax cuts for corporations will pay for themselves.”
Reality→ The deficit dramatically increased, and the Republicans plan to use this as an opportunity to cut Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. https://t.co/7ur8hYSofr
From @CNN on Senator McConnell: "He's saying that the poor and the middle class should ultimately have to foot the bill for Trump's corporate tax cuts." https://t.co/nhPYR5tik6
Fascinating to watch what @realDonaldTrump will allow the Saudis to do. Whether it’s killing Yemeni school children, or ‘accidentally’ murdering a reporter in their own consulate, it seems like they can do no wrong. I wonder why?
The Republican two-part approach to cuts:
✂️ Cut taxes for corporations.
✂️ Cut Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid for everyone else. https://t.co/14Huy03jpe
So proud that the opening of the new Schenectady train station is the capstone to over $155 million in federally funded rail improvements in New York’s Capital Region.
Why do the Republicans think it’s right to take money out of Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security to pay for tax cuts to corporations? https://t.co/AnhxfX9QEk
gas·light
ˈɡaslīt/
(v)

manipulate (someone) into questioning their own sanity

Ex: It's gaslighting for the GOP to blow a $2 trillion hole in the deficit to give the rich a tax cut then suggest cutting Medicare, Social Security, and Medicaid as the only fix for that new deficit. https://t.co/0h1XxTRxSS
The September 2017 train accident in Buffalo was a warning whistle that we must heed by being better informed and better prepared to deal with rail accidents. Today, I’m launching a push to improve the hazardous shipment notification system. https://t.co/ER0lZZwQ3w https://t.co/NylI9S8h6V
Hispanic Americans have formed the backbone of strong communities in New York and across the country. From serving in our military to shaping the business industry, the contributions of Latino and Hispanic Americans are immeasurable to our nation. Happy #HispanicHeritageMonth! https://t.co/upG5ad4tDf
The STOCK Act championed by late NY Congresswoman Slaughter prohibits members of Congress from using nonpublic information to make a profit.
 
So proud the Senate voted to rename this landmark act for her, commemorating her permanent status as a champion of democracy &amp; integrity.
We’re celebrating the #DayOfTheGirl for girls across the world.

Because when girls succeed,

We all succeed. https://t.co/Few5CbxpRR
I am so proud of our #LGBTQ family, friends, and neighbors across the country sharing their stories to celebrate #NationalComingOutDay.  

So many have fought so hard for so long to be able to say #LoveIsLove across America. We will keep fighting to protect these hard won rights. https://t.co/uZs0jmRBXN
50 Senate Republicans voted to let insurance companies offer skimpy, junk insurance plans that don’t cover essential health benefits.

Every single Democrat stood up to the Trump administration's sabotage and voted to eliminate the expansion of these junk plans. #NoJunkPlans
This past year has seen incredibly powerful storms on the Atlantic seaboard and the Gulf. Harvey, Irma, Maria, Florence, and now Michael have wrought severe damage. We must admit the intensity of these storms—greater than past years—is a symptom of a changing climate.
To the people of Florida and Georgia and all affected by Hurricane Michael, our thoughts and our hearts are with you. We hope everyone stays safe throughout this storm. As soon as it passes, Americans will pull together—as they always do—to help one another rebuild and recover.
I took a look at your op-ed, @realDonaldTrump. It needs some work.

All of the false and misleading words in the world can’t cover up how your administration and Republicans in Congress are forcing millions of Americans to pay more for health care. https://t.co/SjFjonVBef
Tomorrow, the Senate will have an opportunity to undo a portion of the Republican campaign of health care sabotage. #NoJunkPlans
Under this Republican President and this Republican Congress, Americans are paying more to get less health insurance, and protections for pre-existing conditions are under assault. #NoJunkPlans
As a result of Republican sabotage: premiums are up, out-of-pocket costs are up, prescription drug costs are up, and insurance is covering less. #NoJunkPlans
Ever since taking control of Congress and the presidency, Republicans have deliberately and relentlessly undermined Americans’ health care. #NoJunkPlans
Even worse, these plans draw consumers out of the health insurance marketplace, making it more expensive for everyone to purchase insurance, especially more expensive for those with a pre-existing condition. #NoJunkPlans
These junk plans bait consumers in with low prices but hardly cover anything. They could not cover maternity care, or mental health care, or prescription drugs, you name it. #NoJunkPlans
Tomorrow, the Senate will take up a Democratic motion to repeal the Trump administration’s effort to expand short-term insurance plans. Let me be very clear: these so-called “short-term” plans are junk insurance. #NoJunkPlans
The deadline to register to vote in New York State is Friday, October 12. That’s in just THREE days. If you’re not registered, what are you waiting for? https://t.co/b1dT32aq4T
Proud to announce new @JetBlue direct service will start from @ROCAirport to Boston. Rochester-Finger Lakes families and businesses will benefit greatly from a direct flight to Boston. I’m glad JetBlue has heeded my call to clear this new route for take off. #ROC
Women across the country came together around this nomination to say #MeToo, to stand up against sexual abusers and harassers. And all Donald Trump, Mitch McConnell, and Republican leaders have to say to them is that they're a mob. Disgraceful.
Heartbroken to learn of the terrible accident in Schoharie. May God bless the families who lost loved ones, as well as my dear friends from Schoharie emergency service agencies who responded.
And finally, to say that this investigation exonerates Judge Kavanaugh, or to say that this is a complete investigation, is patently false. Chairman Grassley’s claim that there is no hint of misconduct in these documents is just not true.
Third, it appears very clearly to me that the FBI was severely limited in which questions they could ask and which leads they could follow.
Second, Judge Kavanaugh stated at his hearing that the individuals at the incident involving Dr. Ford refuted her version of events. From their own public statements, we knew that to be false, and nothing in this report changes that.
After reviewing the additional background check documents on Judge Kavanaugh, four things are crystal clear.

First, the documents raise even more serious doubts in my mind about Judge Kavanaugh’s truthfulness.
I will always stand with the @3407Families. Since they fought to secure safety regulations after the tragic 2009 Buffalo crash, there have been no major commercial airline accidents in the U.S. The FAA Reauthorization that passed the Senate today keeps these protections intact.
Anyone watching Dr. Blasey Ford saw a credible, courageous woman who elected to relive the worst night of her life because she felt a civic duty to come forward.

President Trump’s mockery of a sexual assault survivor was reprehensible. He owes Dr. Blasey Ford an apology.
It is cruel and discriminatory that the Trump administration is denying visas to unmarried, same-sex partners of foreign diplomats and @UN employees. The majority of countries still ban same-sex marriage. What purpose does it serve to force partners from these countries to leave?
NY is so proud of Strickland &amp; Mourou for their Nobel Prize winning work on physics at the @UofR. Strickland is the 1st woman in 55 years to win!

It's why I made sure that the Laser Lab remained open. We need federal resources for cutting-edge research. https://t.co/59l1u3tESK
Great news for New Yorkers that @FEMA has approved our push for a major disaster declaration providing funds for recovery and rebuilding for Broome, Chemung, Chenango, Delaware, Schuyler, Seneca, &amp; Tioga Counties following the August storms and floods. https://t.co/Tdqe8hcHvX
A Supreme Court nominee must, whatever their politics, be a shining example of someone who tells the truth. Every Senator now must assess these serious allegations, and consider whether Judge Kavanaugh has the temperament, independence, and credibility to serve.
It has been 137 days since the Senate took a bipartisan vote to restore #NetNeutrality. The bold step Californians took to #SaveTheInternet at home by putting in place robust net neutrality protections should send a clear signal to the House that America wants an open Internet. https://t.co/J6sgbZleeO
58 lives were taken one year ago in Las Vegas.

We remember their lives cut short too soon and pray for their families.

We saw how Las Vegas came together as one city.

But, we still need to pass common sense gun safety measures that can prevent senseless deaths. #VegasStrong https://t.co/yXHa9BCwJH
An impressive career. Leading the @Mets into your final game, on your home field. Congrats David Wright. The game won’t be the same without you. https://t.co/QpRHlUcc5p
If our Republican colleagues are so certain of Judge Kavanaugh’s story, they should immediately demand that the White House order the FBI to reopen the background investigation, and hold off on a vote for several days so all the facts can come out.
While I strongly believe Dr. Ford, the way to clear this up would be to have the FBI reopen the investigation, actually interview potential witnesses, and get to the truth before the Senate is required to vote on whether to elevate Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court.
Dr. Ford’s testimony was courageous, difficult to hear, and grounded in the facts. Judge Kavanaugh was angry, defiant, and partisan.
Le creemos a las víctimas de asalto sexual. Estamos inspirados por su fuerza. 

Si eres un sobreviviente, estamos aquí en solidaridad. 

Y si usted necesita hablar con alguien, puede llamar al 800-656-4673 para alcanzar una línea nacional y confidencial 24/7. https://t.co/LPl4eTd4rU
We #BelieveSurvivors of sexual assault. We are in awe of their strength.

If you’re a survivor, we stand with you. We are here for you. 

And if you need to talk, you can call 800-656-HOPE to reach a national, confidential helpline 24/7. https://t.co/tUe9kCIKyl
If the Republicans believe these two men, they should call both of them to testify and refer their names to the Montgomery County District Attorney. If they don’t, we’ll know it’s just an attempt to undermine Dr. Ford and “plow right through” with the nomination.
Senator Grassley’s office has run the most partisan and least transparent Supreme Court process in history. No one should trust the result of this partisan exercise. The non-partisan FBI should be investigating, not his staff. https://t.co/PrhSZXv4U2
These women deserve to be heard in a fair way and their claims must be properly investigated.

Republicans need to immediately suspend the proceedings related to Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination and the president must order the FBI to re-open the background check investigation. https://t.co/zkXHRJ4kHN
If our Republican colleagues proceed without an investigation, it would be a travesty for the honor of the Supreme Court and our country.
I strongly believe Judge Kavanaugh should withdraw from consideration. If he will not, at the very least, the hearing and vote should be postponed while the FBI investigates all of these allegations.
There are now multiple, corroborated allegations against Judge Kavanaugh, made under the penalty of perjury, all of which deserve a thorough investigation.
Given the latest allegations against Judge Kavanaugh, Republicans need to immediately suspend the proceedings related to his nomination, and the president must order the FBI to reopen the background check investigation.
Leader McConnell owes an apology to Dr. Ford for labeling her allegations a “smear job.” And he should apologize to her immediately. We must respect these women and Judge Kavanaugh by handling these allegations with the seriousness that they deserve. https://t.co/roA9BQT5gD https://t.co/qVqy0pd4ag
If President Trump and Senate Republicans are so certain the allegations against Judge Kavanaugh aren’t true, then why are they blocking the FBI from reopening the background check and investigating—a routine practice for judicial nominees? 

What are they hiding?
There is only one way to get to the bottom of these allegations against Judge Kavanaugh and prevent the nation from being thrown into further turmoil: an independent background check investigation by the FBI.
Dr. Ford says she can testify Thursday, but Republicans can’t wait that long. What is 1 extra day for serious allegations and a lifetime appointment? They clearly don’t want a hearing, like they don’t want an FBI investigation.
Congratulations to the more than 500 @DiscoveryIncTV volunteers who are working hard across New York City today with nearly 20 service projects from @BestFriends Animal Society, to @FoodBank4NYC, and many others. #OurImpact
Generals Kelly, Mattis and numerous other White House and cabinet officials have been reported to say critical things of the president without being fired.
This New York Times report must not be used as a pretext for the corrupt purpose of firing Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein in order to install an official who will allow the president to interfere with the Special Counsel’s investigation.
A highly offensive misunderstanding of surviving trauma.
1000s &amp; 1000s of strong women have kept being assaulted to themselves for a variety of understandable reasons. The president doesn't even try to understand trauma survivors—he'd rather use their pain for political purposes. https://t.co/f4nQJUplo7
Un año después de que el huracán Maria devastó a Puerto Rico y las Islas Vírgenes de EEUU, recordamos aquellos que perdimos—por causa de la tormenta y inadecuada respuesta federal. La recuperación sigue. Asegurémonos que los fondos que el congreso aprobó sean usados para bien. https://t.co/xwyHL0Tzpq
1 year since Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico &amp; US Virgin Islands, we remember those we lost—to the storm &amp; the inadequate, disorganized federal response. The recovery is far from over. We must ensure the billions Congress passed are used well &amp; quickly to rebuild stronger. https://t.co/znLentF2PC
Dr Ford reasonably requested FBI bkgd check before she testifies so all the facts come out instead of just 2 conflicting stories w/o a resolution. 

GOP delayed Merrick Garland for nearly a yr &amp; now we can’t have short pause to get the facts?Give me a break. What are they hiding?
If you are a survivor of sexual assault, you are not alone. We stand with you. We believe you. And if you need to talk, you can call 800-656-HOPE to reach a national, confidential helpline 24/7.
Dr. Ford’s life has already been badly disrupted by death threats and other intimidation. She deserves to be treated with respect and fairness by the Senate.
Senate Republicans and the White House should drop their inexplicable opposition to an FBI investigation, allow all the facts to come out, and then proceed with a fair process in the Senate.
Dr. Ford’s call for the FBI to investigate also demonstrates her confidence that when all the facts are examined by an impartial investigation, her account will be further corroborated and confirmed.
I strongly support Dr. Ford’s call for an FBI investigation before a hearing is held. An immediate FBI investigation is not only consistent with precedent, it is also quite clearly the right thing to do.
The FBI tells us that the White House needs to direct them to re-open their background investigation into Judge Kavanaugh. Now, the White House is saying it is up to the FBI. What are they trying to hide? https://t.co/CVEuPeLyNo
Chairman Grassley's announced hearing on Judge Kavanaugh is a small step: It has to be done right. It can’t be rushed. There must be witnesses. The FBI should be given time to re-open its background investigation. And Senators must have the necessary information before a vote.
Wishing an easy fast and blessed, meaningful day to all observing Yom Kippur.
Long Island veterans stood on the frontlines for America. When it comes to @NorthportVAMC’s urgently-needed repair and staff needs, they should be at the front of the line for funding. https://t.co/TOeDLolT1Q https://t.co/pRtymmp84U
Wishing the @USAirForce a very happy 71st birthday! Thank you for all of your incredible contributions to our country and a special thanks to the members of New York’s @AirNatlGuard who help keep our state and nation safe. #USAF #FlyFightWin
The White House understands very well that we aren’t asking to open a criminal investigation, but to have the FBI re-open and complete the standard background investigation for someone who has been nominated for a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court.
We need the FBI to step forward and ensure that the Senate and American public have complete information about this troubling alleged incident before a hearing is held.
Instead of having the FBI investigate these serious allegations as part of the standard background investigation process, the White House has intentionally chosen to bury its head in the sand and make weak excuses.

https://t.co/2dsl2pFAhS
I believe Professor Ford. If the FBI conducts a thorough investigation and the American people hear from her and Judge Kavanaugh, I think a majority of senators will find her credible.
 
Thanks to @theview for having me on today to have this very important discussion. https://t.co/A3QAvFPBq9
Senate Republicans ran a transparently partisan confirmation process and then immediately insinuated Prof Ford is being untruthful. They cannot impartially investigate these disturbing allegations. That must be done by the FBI, and the vote must be postponed until it is complete.
To railroad a vote now would be an insult to the women of America and the integrity of the Supreme Court.
Judge Kavanaugh’s credibility has already been seriously questioned because of his answers regarding Manny Miranda, Judge Pryor, and other issues during his time in the Bush White House, and now his credibility is even more suspect.
Re: WaPo report on Judge Kavanaugh, Sen Grassley must postpone vote until, at a very minimum, these serious &amp; credible allegations are thoroughly investigated.

For too long,when women have made serious allegations of abuse, they have been ignored.That cannot happen in this case.
Usted le debe una disculpa a las 3000 familias en Puerto Rico. Deje sus ataques vergonzosos contra nuestros compatriotas fallecidos y enfóquese en su respuesta al huracán Florence.
You owe 3,000 families in Puerto Rico an apology. Stop the shameful attack on deceased fellow Americans and focus on the response to Hurricane Florence. https://t.co/poOE0RDJId
On questions where Judge Kavanaugh felt he had something positive to say abt himself or his record, he responded. On every other Q - incl those abt women's constitutional rights, unchecked pres power, &amp; protections for people with pre existing conditions - he simply stonewalled.
Judge Kavanaugh’s responses to follow up questions from Democrats on the Judiciary Committee is just another exercise in selective secrecy.
The new executive order certainly does not absolve the Senate from passing much-needed legislation and funding to beef up our election security and prevent future attacks on our democracy from foreign adversaries.
Given what @realDonaldTrump did in Helsinki, giving himself the option of levying tough sanctions is hardly reassuring. https://t.co/bJniHN4Sv4
Este comentario del presidente es ofensivo, hiriente, y descaradamente falso.

Casi 3,000 de nuestros compatriotas murieron en Puerto Rico después del huracán María. Esto es todo lo contrario a un “éxito”.
This is an offensive, hurtful and blatantly false comment from the president.

Nearly 3,000 of our fellow citizens died in Puerto Rico following Hurricane Maria. That is the complete opposite of “success.” https://t.co/10ppsKwefb
We will always fight to make sure our government fully honors the sacrifices of our brave first responders and the memories of those we have lost.  #NeverForget
As @USATODAY reported, “By the end of 2018, many expect that more people will have died from their toxic exposure from 9/11 than were killed on that terrible Tuesday.”
https://t.co/uU2Um9KDgW
That’s why I was proud to have worked to pass the #Zadroga Act to take care of their health and offer our first responders justice.
New Yorkers and the rest of the country will #NeverForget the bravery so many showed - especially our first responders - on that terrible day.
17 years ago, my city and our country changed forever. Today, we remember the sacrifice &amp; loss of those on and after #September11th. #NeverForget
Shana Tova to New Yorkers and all who are celebrating #RoshHashanah!
The extent of these misstatements is extremely disturbing, and this is what we’ve found in only the small portion of his record Republicans have released. Given what we’ve heard this week, they should immediately release the rest of his White House records.
Fifth, the judge appears to have misled us regarding what he knew about emails stolen from the Senate Dems by a Republican operative.  The judge claims he didn’t knew they were stolen, but that seems increasingly implausible. 

See Sen Leahy’s explanation: https://t.co/QGLr4si8m0
Fourth, Judge Kavanaugh said that he didn’t personally work on the extremely controversial nomination of Judge William Pryor, but new records tell a different story.  Dozens of emails show Judge Kavanaugh was personally involved.

@washingtonpost explains:
https://t.co/1rVRGIkC1T
Third, Judge Kavanaugh claimed that he only learned of President Bush’s warrantless surveillance program when it became public, but an email suggests he knew about a memo providing the justification for the White House’s authorization of the program.
Second, Judge Kavanaugh repeatedly denied knowledge of the Bush Administration’s policy on detention and interrogation of combatants. But emails released this week indicate that he had meetings on the subject, reviewed talking points, and opined on legal strategy.
For example, a document produced for the Committee shows that Kavanaugh was told about the fact that a potential nominee for the Fifth Circuit was “pro-life.”
https://t.co/Ey8LrhKqkP
First, in his 2004 hearing, he told Sen Feinstein that the WH didn’t know about potential judicial nominees’ views on abortion in the vast majority of cases. But recently released emails show that he was often told about &amp; discussed nominees’ views and ideology, including on Roe.
It is becoming increasingly clear that Judge Kavanaugh has misled the Senate Judiciary Committee in a number of ways. This should raise immediate red flags for all Senators and the American public.
Today’s @nytimes editorial perfectly sums up Judge Kavanaugh’s  confirmation hearings: Judge Kavanaugh can’t be trusted.
https://t.co/kak64zONoH
The most interesting part of these hearings may have been in what Judge Kavanaugh declined to do – pledge to uphold Roe or Casey, defend those with pre-existing conditions, or reassure the country that he will be willing to hold President Trump accountable.
Instead of answering questions, Judge Kavanaugh spent 30 hours dodging questions and saying as little as possible, despite the fact that the president has vastly overreached his power and promised to appoint a Justice that would overturn Roe v. Wade.
This week, Judiciary Committee Democrats were able to shine a bright light - for the American people &amp; Republican Senators to see - on Judge Kavanaugh’s troubling views on women’s rights, presidential power, and protections for people with pre-existing conditions.
Loved seeing @WalkwayOvertheHudson featured in @NYTimes as one of the best star gazing trips to take in the US. I couldn't agree more! And if you head over to tomorrow's #STARWALK, you'll be joined by a real, live NASA astronaut! 

https://t.co/K4Uq3gyZWD https://t.co/OxTA37vzYz
I stand w/ Judiciary Committee Democrats who are well within their rights to release these very important documents that a former Kavanaugh deputy designed as “committee confidential.”

The American ppl deserve to know the truth about Judge Kavanaugh’s record. #WhatAreTheyHiding?
One year ago today, the Trump admin unilaterally rescinded the #DACA program – leaving hundreds of thousands of Dreamers uncertain about their futures. That's 365 days too many.
 
It's time these immigrant youth get the permanent solution they so rightly deserve. #HereToStay
Republicans are trying to jam through, with as little scrutiny as possible, a lifetime appointment to the nation’s highest court, with the power to affect the lives of Americans for a generation. 

We will not consent to business as usual today on the Senate floor. https://t.co/URxQcXbozK
Pleased to announce $1.4 million in federal funding for the City of Newburgh Fire Department - a big victory for Newburgh!
 
I've seen firsthand during the Verla fire &amp; countless other times the work these firefighters do. We need them back on the job ASAP
https://t.co/5g0d8CvUxm https://t.co/uHhqKC13hV
It's only fitting that questioning of Judge Kavanaugh &amp; oral arguments in GOP's lawsuit to take away protections for ppl w/ pre-existing conditions both begin today.

Why? Because GOP is using his nom as back door to take away these vital health care protections. #WhatsAtStake
Judge Kavanaugh should affirm the real “Ginsburg Standard” today by standing up for women’s constitutional rights.

But he won’t.

#WhatsAtStake https://t.co/1h2FmSV8iM
Republicans know this has been the least transparent SCOTUS process in history and the hearings should be delayed until we can fully review Judge Kavanaugh’s records.
🚨🚨 The Senate was just given an additional 42,000 pages of Kavanaugh documents the NIGHT BEFORE his confirmation hearing. This underscores just how absurd this process is. Not a single senator will be able to review these records before tomorrow.
It’s no wonder that @realDonaldTrump picked Brett Kavanaugh to sit on a potential “jury” in the Mueller probe. Kavanaugh believes sitting presidents should not be investigated or held accountable like other citizens. Judge Kavanaugh thinks presidents are above the law.
.@realDonaldTrump clearly does not think the law applies to him or the Congressmen who supported him. https://t.co/3CyZU626j6
Lastly, our new bill would streamline the NLRB’s procedures to secure worker freedoms and effectively prevent violations and use federal purchasing power and policy to help expand opportunities to negotiate.
The Workers’ Freedom to Negotiate Act also creates a mandatory mediation &amp; arbitration process to ensure corporations &amp; newly formed unions reach a first contract and provide millions of public employees w/ the freedom to join a union and collectively bargain w/ their employers.
This new legislation would ban the often misleadingly called “right to work” state laws that undermine worker freedoms. It would also prevent employers from interfering in union elections and strengthen penalties on employers that break the law.
The Workers' Freedom to Negotiate Act would right the many injustices that have been done to America’s workers throughout the country and help them actually get ahead. 

https://t.co/PD2Us25LCq
President Trump’s rolling back much-needed reforms that keep workers safe, freezing pay for federal workers, or limiting the power of public sector unions will do nothing to help the working people in this country and instead only benefit the special interests and wealthiest.
While President Trump promised to stand up for the working people in this country, his administration appears hell-bent on causing more harm to working families than good.

Here’s a few examples: 

https://t.co/0cds6jgidi 

https://t.co/s5Jak4ImNv 

https://t.co/uca82MAELJ
Earlier this year, I introduced a new bill, the “Workers’ Freedom to Negotiate Act” to reform our broken labor laws &amp; help the very workers we celebrate on #LaborDay to earn better wages.

This is especially important given the Trump Admin &amp; GOP assault on worker rights &amp; safety.
Every American should read this amazing ode by @BretStephensNYT about President Trump’s depravity and America’s resilience.
https://t.co/TDC2LGIWT0
Republicans in the Senate and the President of the United States are colluding to keep Judge Kavanaugh’s records secret, and trying to hide their actions from the American people by doing it on the Friday night of a holiday weekend.

What are they trying so desperately to hide?
We’re witnessing a Friday night document massacre. President Trump’s decision to step in at the last moment and hide 100k pages of Judge Kavanaugh’s records from the American public is not only unprecedented in the history of SCOTUS noms, it has all the makings of a cover up. https://t.co/TgBAjOBRrW
In Washington today to pay tribute to my friend, Senator John McCain. I will miss him dearly.
As @paulkrugman writes, “GDP numbers have been good in recent quarters, but much of the growth has gone to soaring corporate profits, while median real wages have gone nowhere.”
 
Our new bill will help present a clear &amp; accurate picture of who the economy is really working for.
When we hear that GDP is rising &amp; the economy is booming, there’s an implication that all are Americans are reaping the benefits equally – yet the reality is that wages for middle-class workers remain flat &amp; the income inequality gap continues to worsen.
“Knowledge is objectively better than ignorance. And in modern America, knowing who actually benefits from economic growth is really, truly important.”
 
Read @paulkrugman on my bill w @MartinHeinrich to inform us on how to better address income inequality
https://t.co/SilUmH4Utx
Our legislation would allow us to better see who is benefiting from economic growth and help us as we develop policies to address the worsening income inequality gap.
https://t.co/dGhq0a5Cso
Relying solely on GDP numbers as a bellwether for how Americans are faring in the economy is a mistake. That's why @MartinHeinrich &amp; I proposed new bill to require the Feds to report how growth is distributed across the income spectrum - alongside quarterly GDP reports.
Pres. Trump promised American workers a $4,000 raise, instead he blew up the deficit to give a tax cut that pads the pockets of the wealthiest Americans and the executives at the biggest corporations.
No amount of @realDonaldTrump tweets can change fact that real wages are declining; while cost of living– esp gas prices &amp; health care costs, thanks in large part to GOP &amp; Trump Admin–are continuing to climb, &amp; families are struggling to choose which basic necessities to pay for.
These tariffs were extremely harmful to our regional papers &amp; printers, like Quad Graphics &amp; their 800 employees in Saratoga Springs. The ITC made exactly the right decision to completely eliminate them and I will fight to make sure that they never return.
https://t.co/iafh8vMgGR
These tariffs were extremely harmful to our regional papers-the lifeblood of our local communities-&amp; I worked hard to remove them. ITC made exactly the right decision to completely eliminate them. I will remain vigilant to make sure that they never return. https://t.co/OQBPeEMDHx
In the wake of the SCOTUS decision in Murphy v. NCAA allowing states to legalize sports betting, I've proposed a desperately-needed federal framework to protect integrity of the games we love, as well as the fans and consumers &amp; individuals placing bets.
https://t.co/JnvUfZgS1m
Nearly 3000 people have died in Puerto Rico following Hurricane Maria – largest natural disaster death toll in US in a century. The loss of so many lives is heartbreaking &amp; reprehensible. We must do all we can to help our fellow citizens recover &amp; rebuild. https://t.co/ROl2pjbynZ
Proud to announce new legislation today with @MartinHeinrich to provide America's working families with information that accurately reflects how economic growth is being felt by all Americans, not just those at the top, alongside quarterly GDP numbers.

https://t.co/dGhq0a5Cso
When we hear that GDP is rising and the economy is booming, there's an assumption that all Americans are reaping the benefits equally.

The reality is that real wages for middle-class workers remain flat and income inequality continues to worsen.

https://t.co/dGhq0a5Cso
I hope that many, if not most or all, will join because @SenJohnMcCain was a dear friend to all of us and a great American, great senator, a great man.

Let his name be an example to future generations, as his service and character were to every one of us.
Today, I am circulating a letter with Senator Flake asking all of our colleagues if they’d be willing to join us in a resolution to officially rename the Russell Building the McCain Building.
We can honor him by trying to carry on the principles he lived by. We can try, as he did, to put country before party. We can try, as he did, to speak truth to power. &amp; we can try,as he summoned us to try,to restore the Senate to its rightful place in our national political life.
So that future generations will study his example, I’ve proposed that we rename the Russell Senate Office Building, one of only three Senate office buildings, after John McCain.

But it need not be the only way we honor Senator McCain.
I will miss him dearly. In the past year of his illness, during moments of doubt about the direction of our country, I found myself thinking about what John McCain would do or say if he were here.
Remarking on the character of America, @SenJohnMcCain said that we live in a “big, boisterous, brawling, intemperate, restless, striving, daring, brave, good and magnificent country.” Truer words could not be said about the man himself.
He was all of those things throughout his life, usually more than one at once, until the very last of his days.
He was unafraid to take on presidents, &amp; he was unafraid to take on his own party. He was equal parts funny &amp; furious, foul-mouthed &amp; statesmanlike. He could put the temper in temperament. He was a brave and honest man. He was a patriot.
He was so many things to so many people. A fierce friend to those who were lucky enough to have earned his friendship. A real thorn in the side of those who earned his scorn. An unofficial ambassador for the US, a comfort to our allies &amp; an unabashed champion for Western values.
I can truly say that the time we spent together authoring and passing immigration reform were some of my proudest days in politics, in no small part because the success was shared with @SenJohnMcCain.
On Saturday, August 25th, 2018, nine years to the day since the death of his friend Senator Kennedy, our friend and colleague Senator John S. McCain passed away.
Further, these documents aren't the official National Archives’ curation of White House docs, but the ones that have been pre-screened by Kavanaugh’s former deputy and George Bush’s private lawyer. The Senate will likely have ZERO records from the Archives by next week’s hearing.
This is new. Sen Grassley now admitting the Senate will only receive half the documents that he requested (~900k), before the hearing starts. That means Senators will have seen only 6% of Kavanaugh’s records, &amp; the public will have seen 3%.
 
This is unprecedented secrecy. https://t.co/mbb3DhlrsS
Met with first responders and treatment advocates in the Capital Region to discuss better ways to fight the opioid epidemic. We must give those on the ground the support they need to combat this crisis. https://t.co/he8kJa7Bmo
Earlier this summer, a portion of a Syracuse railroad bridge collapsed but the federal gov’t still has not sent an inspector to independently review the city’s elevated rail line.
 
The FRA must hire more rail bridge inspectors and send one to Syracuse immediately. https://t.co/8DRVdHoq9e
Few things better than spending the day at the Great NY State Fair. More photos from my day in Syracuse. https://t.co/NZELeIxriI
As we await more details on the shooting in Jacksonville, my heart aches for the victims, their families and loved ones. Thank you to first responders and law enforcement for their swift response.
Corn on a stick. Butter sculpture. Gianelli Sausage. And a sea of happy New Yorkers. I am in heaven here at the Great NY State Fair! https://t.co/Gr0rCHt1QB
The Senate, the United States, and the world are lesser places without John McCain.
 
Nothing will overcome the loss of Senator McCain, but so that generations remember him I will be introducing a resolution to rename the Russell building after him.
As you go through life, you meet few truly great people. John McCain was one of them. His dedication to his country and the military were unsurpassed, and maybe most of all, he was a truth teller - never afraid to speak truth to power in an era where that has become all too rare.
Met w law enforcement in Orleans County yesterday to push legislation to help combat opioid crisis more safely &amp; efficiently. This epidemic is not only ripping families apart, it’s also putting law enforcement at risk by exposing them to illegal &amp; fatal substances like fentanyl. https://t.co/DSYQEfYWy8
Giant Hogweed is a dangerous invasive plant that can cause extreme burns &amp; even blindness - &amp; it’s running rampant through Western NY.

I joined local officials in Bennington yesterday to call on the USDA to immediately boost ongoing local efforts to eradicate this harmful plant. https://t.co/lNlGldiW1o
Lastly, this bill also doesn’t change fact that if the GOP lawsuit were successful, premiums would soar for millions of families, hundreds of millions of ppl would lose major pre-ex conditions protections, seniors’ drug costs would go up &amp; the individual markets would collapse.
This bill also doesn't change the Republican plan to expand “junk plans", which put insurance companies back in charge, allowing them to refuse to cover vital services like Rx drugs, maternity care, emergency room services &amp; substance use disorders.
The GOP-led lawsuit – which, again, the Republicans don’t oppose - would also strike down Medicaid expansion, tax credits and premium subsidies and more.
Nothing in this GOP bill states that Republicans oppose the lawsuit to gut protections for pre-existing conditions.

If the lawsuit - which Rs don’t oppose - is successful, the entire ACA would be struck down, including requirements that all plans cover Essential Health Benefits.
This Republican bill does nothing to require insurers to cover vital health care services. Bill essentially says if you have cancer, your insurance plan doesn’t have to offer cancer care.

What kind of “pre-existing condition protection” is that? https://t.co/FquMzcm9D4
Joined local hemp growers &amp; @ccecornell to push for passage of the bipartisan Hemp Farming Act. 

We must update the law so our farmers &amp; businesses across New York can grow, expand &amp; research the benefits of hemp without the onerous &amp; outdated restrictions from the federal govt. https://t.co/VuTIHktzl9
My thoughts and prayers are with Senator McCain and his family. https://t.co/cqHXdjJntj
More must be done and Democrats are committed to working to give the American people a better deal on child care.
While some in GOP suggest that trying to make child care more affordable is an undue burden on taxpayers, Democrats disagree. That's why we've made providing access to child care was one of our top priorities.
Democrats know that access to affordable child care means a great deal to America’s working families, and for far too long Congress has not done its part to help offset the costs. Democrats are fighting to change this.
Increasing funding to make child care more affordable for Americans is one of our party’s top priorities and so I fought hard for this in the bipartisan budget deal that we crafted last year.
I'm proud that for a second straight year, Democrats secured a $2.37 billion increase to the Child Care Development Block Grant program, the largest increase in the program's history.
https://t.co/Un7kUytaOe
This morning I reiterated my call for the Republican majority to delay Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation hearings. #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/fIZkTs4ljN
New report from independent agency proves what Democrats been saying for months: the Trump Administration’s sabotage is responsible for health care premium increases.

@AP: “solid middle-class customers paying full premiums were priced out of the market.”
https://t.co/uTB5aQIiuT
The price of the Republicans' Faustian bargain has already become too steep. Considerations of country &amp; constitution aside, if my Republican colleagues remain silent, the Republican Party is a co-conspirator in the culture of corruption that surrounds this president.
The mantra of the Republican majority in the 115th Congress might be “put your head in the sand.”
At some point, after the Access Hollywood tape, Charlottesville, Helsinki summit, &amp; now after these most recent revelations, the broad failure of Republicans in Congress to condemn the president’s behavior becomes a form of complicity.
The president was alleged to be an unindicted co-conspirator in a federal crime. What did we hear from Republicans on the Hill? Was this the moment when Republican leaders finally stood up and said ‘enough’? Nope.
The Trump admin is once again giving the keys to special interests, this time the NRA. Until President Trump breaks the NRA’s stranglehold on the GOP, meaningful gun safety reform in this country will continue to be subverted by radical &amp; dangerous ideas from the NRA like this.
What recklessness. What absurdity. Arming teachers will not make our schools or our children safer, period.
https://t.co/QvehPGaziF
Let’s be clear: this is not as simple as Judge Kavanaugh saying that Roe is settled law. Everything the Supreme Court decides is settled law until 5 Justices unsettle it. #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/wsx7h60Res
At this moment in our nation's history, the Senate should not confirm a man to the bench who believes presidents are virtually beyond accountability, even in criminal cases; that they are essentially above the law and only Congress can check a president's power. #WhatsAtStake
Judge Kavanaugh’s refusal to say a POTUS must comply w a duly issued subpoena &amp; Mr Cohen’s implication of POTUS in a federal crime make the danger of Kavanaugh's nomination to the SCOTUS abundantly clear.

It's a game changer &amp; Chairman Grassley should delay confirmation hearings
The next SCOTUS Justice will have immense influence over the lives of Americans for generations to come. Unfortunately, Kavanaugh was either unwilling or unable to state that he wouldn't upend centuries of precedent &amp; disturb well-established rights of the American people.
And on the issue of executive power, Judge Kavanaugh would not say that the President must comply with a subpoena or provide records.
A similar pattern played out on other key issues. I repeatedly asked him to reassure me that he believes the Affordable Care Act and the vital protections for pre-existing conditions to be constitutional. He refused to do so.
Judge Kavanaugh had a special obligation to make his views on this topic clear, given the president’s litmus test that he would only appoint justices who would overturn Roe. On that obligation, Judge Kavanaugh failed spectacularly. #WhatsAtStake
Judge Kavanaugh refused to say whether or not he agreed Roe v Wade &amp; Planned Parenthood v Casey were correctly decided or assure me he believed these cases should be left alone

That should send shivers down the spine of any American who believes in reproductive freedom for women
In our meeting today, Judge Kavanaugh refused to answer even the most basic Qs ab his jurisprudence &amp; judicial philosophy, especially re: women’s reproductive freedom, health care protections for ppl w/ pre-ex conditions, voting rights &amp; presidential powers.

Let me explain:
My message to the president: you better not talk about pardons for Michael Cohen or Paul Manafort tonight, or anytime in the future.
Under this proposal, the air will be dirtier and we’ll be less healthy as a country because President Trump is siding with a few powerful special interests.
https://t.co/gn5JQZUWhY
Eid Mubarak to the Muslim community in New York, the US and around the world! #EidAlAdha
And the next Supreme Court Justice may also someday soon determine labor rights, civil rights, voting rights, environmental protections and so many more issues so vital to the daily lives of the American people.

This is #WhatsAtStake
They may also someday soon determine whether or not the President of the United States must comply with a duly issued subpoena.

This is #WhatsAtStake
The next Supreme Court Justice may also someday soon determine how much states can restrict a woman’s constitutionally guaranteed right to make her own medical decisions.

This is #WhatsAtStake
The next Supreme Court Justice will have immense influence over the lives of Americans for generations to come. 

They may someday soon determine whether Americans with pre-existing conditions will be able to afford health care.

This is #WhatsAtStake
Nazi prison guards have no place in the USA. We must stand firmly against hate, anti-Semitism and bigotry in all its forms. Good riddance to this war criminal.

https://t.co/Wa2j8QdykU
What’s next? Will President Trump decide to revoke the security clearances of everyone working for Special Counsel Mueller because he thinks it’s in his craven political interest? There is enormous potential here for gross abuse of presidential power.
.@SenBobCorker is right. The abuse of the powers of public office to silence critics &amp; punish political enemies is exactly what goes on in dictatorships &amp; banana republics.

Both parties ought to condemn this behavior from POTUS.

https://t.co/XYXjaEynC4
.@SenGillibrand and I are urging FEMA to be ready to quickly approve a potential disaster declaration for Rochester-Finger Lakes and Southern Tier residents impacted by recent flooding &amp; severe weather. https://t.co/fDglXICSX7
I was on Long Island today to call for a federal investigation of New York American Water. Despite complaints that they deceived regulators, they’ve hit families with eye-popping rate hikes and now they’re in line to possibly receive more federal $$.

https://t.co/WSPWn3LEHE
I am calling on the FDA to speed up and make public their final report on the prevalence of the weed-killing chemical, glyphosate, in many foods families regularly eat–cereals, granola bars, oats, snack bars, &amp; more.

We need answers and we need them now.

https://t.co/OU4EToBTeW
This week we honor our community health centers. They guarantee that high-quality health care is available to millions of New Yorkers, no matter who they are or where they live. I will never stop fighting to ensure they have the resources they need. #NHCW18
New video shows Judge Kavanaugh praising former Justice Scalia’s view that key cases on women’s reproductive freedom and marriage equality were wrongly decided:

https://t.co/XmZnffOLOq https://t.co/p4uVxH55pU
This seems like a really important story for Judge Kavanaugh to read.
https://t.co/evplS2vt92
Since Republicans have chosen secrecy over transparency, Democrats issued a FOIA request to the National Archives, seeking the full gamut of Kavanaugh’s records, including from his time as Staff Secretary.

We stand ready to sue the Archives for his full records, if necessary.
She’s home. RIP to the legendary Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin. https://t.co/uI0BzoE7j1
The GOP obstruction of Kavanaugh’s records is flat-out wrong. The American people deserve a methodical &amp; thorough examination of a nom who will wield immense influence over their lives for generations.

Republicans seem intent on denying the American people that basic right.
Before we elevate someone who may have to rule on the issue of Presidential subpoenas to a lifetime appointment on the highest Court in the land,don’t the Senate &amp; American ppl deserve to know what the nom thinks &amp; may have already said on this critical issue? #WhatAreTheyHiding?
Yesterday, President Trump’s lawyer declared that President Trump may decide not to comply with a subpoena, issued by the Special Counsel and said that they are prepared to take that fight all the way to the SCOTUS.
Even worse, at the moment, 1/3 of those documents are being deemed as “committee confidential” by GOP &amp; have not been released for review by the full Senate or the public, stacking an additional layer of secrecy on top of multiple layers of existing secrecy. 
#WhatAreTheyHiding?
Meanwhile, the small % of docs the Judiciary Committee will get to see are being pre-screened by a GOP political operative who worked for Kavanaugh in the Bush admin and currently represents Steve Bannon, Reince Priebus and Don McGahn.

If this seems shady, it’s because it is.
The GOP is deliberately withholding the entire record of Judge Kavanaugh’s 3 years as Staff Secretary– the most senior position he held in the Bush Admin &amp; a job Kavanaugh himself said was “formative” &amp; “instructive” as preparation for being a judge https://t.co/NsvI57YUbg
Republicans announced #SCOTUS hearings will begin on Sept 4th. Let’s recap how the Senate GOP’s blatant and historic obstruction of Judge Kavanaugh's record is denying both the Senate &amp; the American people access to critical information about a potential Supreme Court justice.
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh's role as 'president's protector' remains shrouded in secrecy https://t.co/5mVHRxA8DQ via @usatoday
Republicans used to demand transparency for SCOTUS noms. Now they’re blocking nearly all of Judge Kavanaugh’s records from public release and trying to rush through his nomination. What are Republicans hiding? #ReleaseTheRecords 
https://t.co/qoiGxur01v
Happy 6th birthday #DACA! Thank you Dreamers for your incredible contributions to our country. Despite the chaos created by President Trump, you can still renew your application. If you are eligible to renew, you should do so today. #RenewDACA https://t.co/qFyEjgu2lN
I urge NY residents affected by the flooding to heed all warnings &amp; stay safe.
 
My office is in touch with local leaders and I am closely monitoring the situation. A big thank you to the first responders &amp; emergency services professionals for their work to keep communities safe.
I heard from more than 120 orgs urging the Senate to consider #WhatsAtStake in our health care system w/ the Kavanaugh #SCOTUS nomination. We must protect pre-existing condition protections, access to contraception, &amp; other important health care rights.
https://t.co/NpCkMQW0fb
I take @realDonaldTrump at his word when he promised to appoint judges who would vote to overturn Roe v. Wade. 

Watch this @NYTimes video on how a more conservative court could chip away at women’s constitutional rights #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/8UeJ6THr4x
Congratulations to Staten Island’s own Mid-Island Little League team which is headed to Williamsport for the Little League World Series!

Their pitcher threw a perfect game last night and they’re now 12-0 this summer. This team is on 🔥! #LLWS
https://t.co/628B4lFlZr
Congratulations to Port Jefferson, NY, native Capt. Kyle Higgins on taking the helm of the USS Dwight Eisenhower. We thank you for your continued service to our nation. https://t.co/1rMAmBeCzg
We will see only a small portion of Kavanaugh's White House documents by the time the hearing happens. Republicans want to keep his record hidden and are going to extraordinary lengths to do so. We still have to ask: #WhatAreTheyHiding ? 2/2
If the tiny portion of Judge Kavanaugh’s record that has been made public seems unrevealing, it’s because those docs have been cherry-picked by his former deputy, a long-time political operative. Congress--and the public--still have seen no records from the National Archives. 1/2
Spoke with leaders from Hamilton County &amp; @HudsHeadwaters earlier this week on issues affecting Hamilton residents and tourists alike, such as healthcare, broadband &amp; tourism. https://t.co/3OVkiD5qhm
Today marks 1 yr since the tragic white supremacist rally in #Charlottesville, when Heather Heyer was killed. As her mother has shared, her legacy is a call to action. Last yr remains a profound reminder: we must remain vigilant &amp; united in our efforts to defeat bigotry &amp; hatred.
As this article shows, the middle class is still struggling to stay above water. Trump’s tax bill specifically and policies generally benefit the wealthy—the average worker is not seeing the benefit. https://t.co/4g6H6CoDlw
I was at Bear Pond in Franklin Co. today with @adk_council to warn the @EPA not to roll back years of progress in Adirondack Park’s recovery from acid rain damage. The EPA is wrong to even consider repealing laws &amp; standards that have helped bring back natural beauty &amp; tourism. https://t.co/0wQuAxkeq3
Republican efforts to make this the least transparent, most secretive Supreme Court nomination in history continue. They seem to be more frightened of this nominee’s record and history than any we’ve ever considered.
Further, it boggles the mind that of the small portion of documents that will be public, the vast majority will be cherry-picked by a Republican operative currently working for President George W. Bush – and who also happens to be Kavanaugh’s former deputy.
Republicans’ mad rush to hold this hearing after unilaterally deciding to block nearly all of Judge Kavanaugh’s records from public release is further evidence they are hiding important information from the American people, &amp; continues to raise the question, #WhatAreTheyHiding?
Toured Essex Farm this afternoon with owner Mark Kimball in beautiful Essex County. New York farmers are growing healthy food to feed people and animals around the world. https://t.co/a1c8WQx7RC
Avg hourly earnings are down; consumer prices are up. What does that mean? Too many American families are paying more for everyday expenses while taking home less. Further proof #GOPTaxScam was for the rich, not the middle class &amp; those trying to get there https://t.co/ohHoHDD19A
Jim Shaughnessy, one of America’s great rail photographers, has passed away. Here is an image he took in his hometown of Troy, NY, in 1952.  His book “Essential Witness: Sixty Years of Railroad Photography” is tremendous. https://t.co/POvPDJEnhs
...he is now telling the Committee what the rest of the Senate and the American public can see – and Republicans are playing along. We are seeing layer after layer of unprecedented secrecy in what is quickly becoming the least transparent nominations process in history. 2/2
Every day, Republican obstruction of Kavanaugh’s record gets worse and worse. Not only is a massively conflicted Republican lawyer, who previously worked for Judge Kavanaugh, cherry-picking what documents the Senate Judiciary Committee can see... 1/2
This tragic loss of life of our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico is unconscionable. We must do more to both hold this administration accountable for a terrible response and help Puerto Rico recover, rebuild and thrive again. https://t.co/RRKn4RCiDw
More than 2,000 zombie homes plague the Rochester region. That’s why I’m calling on HUD to immediately approve @CityRochesterNY request to acquire vacant homes, rehabilitate &amp; sell to 1st-time homebuyers. This renovated home shows how we can turn zombie homes into family homes. https://t.co/Oi3EiJF0dM
Met w/ officials this morning at Finger Lakes Area Counseling &amp; Recovery Agency to thank them for their work &amp; announce my push for more funding to fight the opioid epidemic. Yates Co has been hit hard: 2nd most severely-impacted county per capita in Rochester-Finger Lakes Region https://t.co/i191ArumIP
Overwhelming victory for labor in Missouri. @realDonaldTrump and his Republican friends do not represent what working people want or need.
Today is #BlackWomensEqualPayDay. Did you know black women make 63¢ for every $1 that a white man makes? Black women need and deserve #EqualPay. We must #DemandMore action for women of color to be equally paid.
This process is opaque, partisan, and unacceptable for a lifetime position on the highest court in the land. We have to ask: What are Republicans trying to hide?
And your process for getting the tiny % of Kavanaugh’s WH documents you have actually requested is being led by a lawyer who not only has a partisan history—the American people learned this weekend that he used to report to Kavanaugh in the White House! https://t.co/cGIJiXGU4g
This is not about me. The Senate &amp; the American people deserve to have a full vetting of the nominee, just like you asked for and Democrats gave you for Justice Kagan. Republicans should want to see these documents just as much as Democrats. https://t.co/JkHvMf70HA
Judge Kavanaugh himself said his time as Staff Secretary was “formative” &amp; “instructive” to him as a judge—and Republicans won’t agree to even review those docs. https://t.co/NsvI57YUbg
But here’s the problem. Despite all these reasons to oppose Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination, the bulk of his record is being kept hidden from the public. #WhatAreTheyHiding
The small percentage of Brett Kavanaugh’s record that is public is cause for great concern, including his decisions related to our health care law, women’s constitutional rights &amp; his dangerously expansive beliefs about presidential power and accountability.
Chairman Grassley, as you will recall, I opposed Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination to the DC Circuit in 2006 because I believed he was a political operative not suited for the bench. Given what we have learned since that time, I still believe that today. https://t.co/KoAtGpjmMU
Who needs pizza museums when we have temples? @totonnos, @LombarisPizza, @RobertasPizza, @difara, @DeninosPizzaSI, @JohnsOfBleecker, #Lucali, @GrimaldisPizza, and many more! https://t.co/nxThh8jJ8h
53 years after the passage of the #VotingRightsAct, our rights are under attack. In 2013, #SCOTUS decided 5-4 to strip critical protections of Section 5 of the VRA. With the Kavanuagh nomination, even more Americans could be at risk of being disenfranchised. #WhatsAtStake
To save lives, LI’s cops, firefighters and EMTs use the T-band for radio communication. But unwise Fed law demands they move from T-Band radios to unproven and expensive new system. That's why I'm pushing a bill to protect this critical radio spectrum. https://t.co/ZPjJYUupZc
Stopped by @buffalobills training camp today at St. John Fisher to check out this year’s team. Looking forward to another great season! #GoBills https://t.co/wfuzVmfAVe
Great food and great friends on Rochester’s Park Ave. What’s better than that? https://t.co/Auwbh4L00p
We learned yesterday that the Republican operative who is screening Judge Kavanaugh's records actually worked for him in the White House—and didn't disclose it to anyone. An unbelievable conflict of interest. #WhatAreTheyHiding  https://t.co/cGIJiXGU4g
Happy Birthday to the @USCG! A special thanks to all the servicemembers serving with @USCGNortheast and @USCG_Tri_State who keep our country safe. #CG228 #USCoastGuard
This is outrageous and Americans are rightly asking – what are they hiding?
Evidently it wasn’t enough to require that the small minority of documents they do turn over to the Senate be pre-screened by Republican operatives. The Republicans are now claiming that that even THOSE documents be kept under lock and key for who knows how long.
It apparently wasn’t enough to limit which documents they requested from the White House Counsel’s office, or to block the release of critical records from the nominee’s final three years in the White House.
Republicans are making an unprecedented effort to keep hidden Judge Kavanaugh’s records from the American public, and even the large majority of Senators. This is a new and astonishing level of secrecy. What are they hiding? #WhatsAtStake
If @realDonaldTrump and Republicans in Congress really wanted to boost wages and create more good-paying jobs, they should have invested in education—especially paying America’s teachers the salaries they deserve. https://t.co/C43BFMkyO9
If @realDonaldTrump and Republicans in Congress really wanted to boost wages and create more good-paying jobs, they should have invested in infrastructure instead of lining the pockets of wealthy shareholders and CEOs. https://t.co/catUibiDl2
American families’ costs are going up faster than any slight wage increase. Further proof the #GOPTaxScam was for the wealthiest few and corporations—not the middle class and those trying to get there. https://t.co/UCE7zrJirg
You know what else wasn’t in Ambassador Bolton’s letter to @senatedems today on election security?
 
An explanation as to why the Trump admin didn’t push the Senate GOP to support critical funding to bolster election security ahead of the midterms. 
 
https://t.co/c8dEWa3hvW
Our letter to Amb Bolton urged Trump admin to fully implement the Russian sanctions Congress already passed, extradite 12 Russian govt officials indicted by Mueller &amp; protect diplomats &amp; other US personnel.

None of this was addressed in Bolton’s response

https://t.co/EDzA9UEZvA
The Trump administration should needs to make a U-turn on this decision and instead move forward with standards that protect consumers, public health, and American jobs and innovation.
This misguided proposal will cost consumers billions at the pump and lead to uncertainty for domestic automakers—putting them at a competitive disadvantage compared to companies in China and elsewhere that are investing in cleaner cars.
While big oil and China may cheer the Trump administration’s proposal to roll back fuel economy standards, American consumers and our kids will suffer by paying more at the pump and breathing in dirtier air.
https://t.co/EhOJQVgpxc
I will now use my influence as the Senate Minority Leader to push the United States International Trade Commission to end these unjustified tariff.
Our local newspapers are fundamental to our vibrant communities and healthy democracy, which is why I fought so hard to push the Commerce Dept. to lower these unwise tariffs on the raw material used by New York’s newspaper and printing companies.
Lowering these unwise and unjust tariffs is a positive step in the right direction to support our already at-risk community newspapers and the American paper industry and the many jobs it supports.
https://t.co/jd2xjgsgJr
Thank you to my colleagues for their persistence and dedication to defending our nation from Putin’s attacks on our democracy. https://t.co/RQs0QG4kXM
We should not be waiting for bridges to collapse and fall onto our streets to do something. This should be an eye-opening wake up call for the FRA. https://t.co/6hRB02Xobp
What is @SenateGOP trying to hide in Kavanaugh's record? To go to such lengths to deny simple documents really makes people ask: what are they hiding? What are they afraid of? Why can't we have impartial access to docs as we did for Justices Kagan and Sotomayor? #WhatsAtStake
Remember Mr. President, getting to the truth is critical for our security and democracy.
The Mueller-Rosenstein investigation is making progress at record speed: 35 indictments, 5 guilty pleas &amp; Trump’s campaign chairman on trial. @realDonaldTrump's statements this morning are just another attempt to make the American people look at his latest shiny object. https://t.co/WRx6dIG82J
These new short-terms #junkplans are so dangerous for Americans that it's no wonder not a single group representing patients, physicians, nurses or hospitals has voiced support. Democrats will do everything in our power to stop this. https://t.co/kg5VkWNF1s
Today, the Trump administration has finalized a plan for a new type of health insurance that will repeal protections on pre-existing conditions and allow insurance companies to cover fewer benefits, not more.  https://t.co/VUOxqwRxjQ
Judge made right call. If @realDonaldTrump truly thinks 3D guns don’t make sense then he should buck the NRA and use his bully pulpit to pressure the GOP to pass our bill to stop 3D guns once and for all. https://t.co/HBENAkSn2A
Why are Republicans shielding the public from seeing the records from the most senior position Brett Kavanaugh held in the White House? What are Republicans trying to hide? https://t.co/NsvI57YUbg
3. The morning after proposing a new $100 billion tax cut for the rich, @realDonaldTrump tells the Koch Brothers on Twitter that he “made them richer!” 
https://t.co/KF3hUDi0kA
2. A few weeks after the Trump Labor Dept said wages are FLAT and the SAME day the Trump Treasury Dept. said the deficit is worse than anticipated, the Trump Treasury Dept proposes a new unilateral $100 billion tax cut…for the rich!
https://t.co/giN9ooEQrW
1. As soon as GOP tax law was signed, @realDonaldTrump flew to Mar-a-Lago to brag to all his wealthy friends:  “You all just got a lot richer"
https://t.co/ragCujtyYp
Where @realDonaldTrump and the GOP’s allegiances lie, in three parts:
Your administration approved this. What kind of incompetence and dangerous governing is this?
And to check with the NRA? Holy moly. https://t.co/MyctYPoci0
Furthermore, Mr. Mnuchin thinks he can do it on his own, but everyone knows this must be done by legislation. If this proposal were to be considered in the Congress, it would not pass.
At a time when the deficit is out of control, wages are flat, and the wealthiest are doing better than ever, to give the top 1% another advantage is an outrage and shows the Republicans’ true colors. https://t.co/V9NkcKu5l7
Does he believe, like Britt Grant, that insurers shouldn’t have to provide contraceptive coverage?
Does Judge Kavanaugh believe, like Britt Grant, that states should be able to define marriage as ONLY between a man and a woman?
Does he agree with Britt Grant that a woman’s constitutionally guaranteed freedom to make her own reproductive choices should be curtailed?
Judge Kavanaugh’s ringing endorsement of Britt Grant’s record may serve as a window into his own judicial philosophy. It makes you wonder: what, exactly, does Judge Kavanaugh agree with her on? https://t.co/pPSdyDZYKG
As staff secretary, Brett Kavanaugh likely oversaw President Bush’s controversial signing statements on torture. By his own account, he was involved in Pres. Bush’s decision to select a Supreme Court Justice. There is just no good reason to leave out records from this period. https://t.co/ff9LAp7For
This letter makes it clear that Republicans intend to block the Senate – and the American people – from accessing the bulk of Judge Kavanaugh’s White House records.

The question becomes: What are they hiding? https://t.co/EdbRhR5PBY
Families, survivors and advocates have been speaking out from coast to coast. Read @Alyssa_Milano’s op-ed on why 3D printed gun blueprints must not be made widely available today: https://t.co/zUSFWvZpgM
We’re just days away from dangerous ghost gun blueprints being shared freely online &amp; the admin has taken NO ACTION to protect our communities. Proud to join @SenBlumenthal &amp; @SenBillNelson in unveiling the Untraceable Firearms Act. This bill must pass before it’s too late.
Enough is enough. Metro-North is asking for more time to complete the full implementation of critical and life-saving Positive Train Control technology, but today in New Rochelle I demanded some answers and a public report on their timeline. https://t.co/r0dY4c8fHY
We don’t know what Brett Kavanaugh knew about President Bush’s efforts to override a torture ban - and that’s just one of many issues. This is a why Republican efforts to hide Judge Kavanaugh’s documents from his time as Staff Secretary are so wrong.  What else are they hiding? https://t.co/ff9LAp7For
This deliberately selective request leaves out what may be the most important thing in Judge Kavanaugh’s record: his time as White House Staff Secretary. What are Republicans hiding in Judge Kavanaugh’s record? https://t.co/HOvy8La81U
The Republican effort to withhold and pre-screen critical #SCOTUS documents from Congress breaks with ALL past practice. Read more: https://t.co/DkwRJJXFCL
NEW: Republicans' plan to bring in political operatives tied to Bannon to pre-screen docs breaks all precedent. Why are trying to further reduce even the limited amount of records they want the American ppl to see on Judge Kavanaugh? What are they hiding?https://t.co/6K5TQKvkKC
The bottom line? With the #GOPTaxScam, @realDonaldTrump and the GOP promised families an extra $4,000 in their pockets.

So. Where's your raise?
Or, as @foxbusiness’ senior correspondent said, “We gave these corporations a huge corporate tax cut and guess what happened to wages? They remained flat.”
https://t.co/VjW2Z1yWAv
Or, as Noah Smith wrote, “the tax reform hasn’t yet resulted in appreciably higher wages for American workers”
https://t.co/GhVAWsnZxZ
Meanwhile, as the @washingtonpost reported: “since June 2017, the relative spending power of hourly earnings actually dropped. That’s not what Trump promised.”
https://t.co/3y8kqcHyUq
The GOP promised their tax bill would be “rocket fuel” for the economy. Instead, it blew up the deficit by a trillion dollars &amp; sparked a surge in stock buybacks, benefiting the biggest corps, their execs &amp; wealthy shareholders while leaving middle-class families largely behind.
THREAD: Here are the facts about the economy you won’t hear from @realDonaldTrump or Republicans:
Kavanaugh's time as Staff Secretary made him a “better interpreter of statutes.” Those are his own words. 

How could seeing his records from that period be a waste of time when there is so much at stake? #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/3TQGSzkwm3
You're supposed to be leading an NSC meeting on election security tomorrow. How are you supposed do that credibly with this kind of rhetoric?
Special Counsel Mueller has secured 35 indictments, five guilty pleas and one prison sentence. 12 of the indictments are Russian intelligence agents!
.@AmbJohnBolton your statement yesterday was an attack on the rule of law and on the hard work of our nation's law enforcement and intelligence officials.  
https://t.co/FykKDcUGXe
Our nation’s top doctors say family separation causes severe emotional distress. Children separated from their families have suffered enough trauma and must be reunited no later than today’s court-ordered deadline. No more excuses @realDonaldTrump. #FamiliesBelongTogether https://t.co/CUZLpXoWzX
La administración de Trump debe reunir a todos los niños que fueron separados de sus padres antes de que venza el plazo hoy. No más excusas. No más extensiones. Ellos tienen que cumplir con la orden dictada por la corte federal y poner fin a la crisis que crearon.
Today is the court-ordered deadline for the Trump admin to reunite all children who have been separated from their parents. No more excuses. No more extensions. It’s time for this administration to stop dragging their feet and fix the crisis they created. #FamiliesBelongTogether
Now the shoe is on the other foot. But rather than applying the previous, bipartisan standard, the Republican Majority is refusing to join with Democrats in requesting Brett Kavanaugh’s complete record.
When Elena Kagan was nominated eight years ago, even though Democrats were in the Majority and the Republicans the minority, Chairman @SenatorLeahy joined with Republicans to request all of Elena Kagan’s records from her time in the White House.
#SCOTUS justice is one of the most important positions in the world, and certainly in America. Shouldn’t we know everything about the nominee? Not just some of the stuff the White House wants us to know, but everything.
How can @SenateGOP say that Kavanaugh's Staff Secretary records aren't relevant when he himself says otherwise? What are they trying to hide? #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/vyE8FnZLSP
ICYMI: Wrote Judiciary Chair Grassley urging him to support the GOP's own Kagan standard, help inform the public &amp; help the Senate perform its constitutional duty by joining our request for all docs including those related to Kavanaugh's time as WH Staff Secretary. #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/cUwaXZncNC
Sometimes we battled side-by-side for Staten Island &amp; sometimes we faced off on issues we disagreed on. Through it all, Guy Molinari was never less than utterly committed to his country &amp; his beloved Staten Island. My prayers &amp; warm thoughts to Susan &amp; all who knew &amp; loved Guy.
Guy Molinari was a ferocious fighter for the issues he believed in and for Staten Island. https://t.co/9ZkfysKeDh
What are Judge Kavanaugh and the Republicans hiding? Why are Republicans hiding his full record from the Senate and the American people? #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/r9BpEmevC8
But Judge Kavanaugh himself said that his years as staff secretary were "among the most instructive"- aren't those papers important enough for the Senate to see? https://t.co/uF6DtTMjdY
But @SenateGOP are dragging their feet &amp; refusing to agree. They’re downplaying Judge Kavanaugh’s role as White House staff secretary and arguing that we don’t need to see documents from that part of his career.
For the last week, @SenFeinstein has been ready to jointly request the exact same documents of Judge Kavanaugh that Republicans demanded of Justice Kagan.
Let's go to the video tape (again). https://t.co/MK9WWY0Ipf https://t.co/qTAdwoyQ3N
We hope Sen. @ChuckGrassley will join @SenFeinstein in a joint letter requesting Judge Kavanaugh's documents, just as @SenatorLeahy joined Senator Sessions during Justice Kagan's nomination. https://t.co/JkHvMf70HA
The city that never sleeps demands a free press that does not blink and the @NYDailyNews and its prized news staff has always fulfilled this critical mission and  impossible feat with everything they’ve got.  Don’t stop now.
Must read: @SenatorLeahy via @nytopinion on #WhatsAtStake with Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. 

https://t.co/0tJQpLDmw0
I’ve taken the liberty of editing that letter by then-Sen. Sessions &amp; @SenatorLeahy. @SenateGOP can see, it didn’t take much work to make it directly applicable for today. Why should such a standard apply to Justice Kagan, but not to Judge Kavanaugh? https://t.co/0zSHxpCzcQ
.@SenateGOP demanded the entire paper history of then-Solicitor-General Kagan before moving fwd on her nomination &amp; Dems agreed! Chairman @SenatorLeahy &amp; GOP Ranking Member Sen. Sessions asked for every single document in Kagan’s record.
The Senate &amp; the American ppl deserve to know where Judge Kavanaugh stands on a host of issues. Given the hearing process for Supreme Court nominees, Judge Kavanaugh’s papers might be the best &amp; only way to judge what kind of a Justice he might be. #WhatsAtStake
.@SpeakerRyan must remove Rep. Nunes of his chairmanship immediately.
Read this overview of how @RepDevinNunes &amp; @realDonaldTrump are hell-bent on undermining Special Counsel Mueller &amp; his team of career professionals from getting to the bottom of Putin’s attack on our democracy. 
https://t.co/zoVLODQGyW
Question of the day: If Kavanaugh would have let Nixon off the hook, what is he willing to do for President Trump? 
#WhatsAtStake
.@realDonaldTrump when are you going to sit for an interview with Special Counsel Mueller?
As a reminder, Special Counsel Mueller and his team of highly capable public servants have made 35 indictments. Four are former employees of @realDonaldTrump.
Mr. President, Paul Manafort’s trial starts on Wednesday. Time to side with the American people and their right to an election without interference from a hostile foreign power. https://t.co/sNhY7NFulO
But because he has demonstrated a willingness to express his views on existing #SCOTUS precedents, Kavanaugh must be able to answer direct questions on stare decisis on many other matters, including #RoevWade and healthcare.
It’s also confounding that the common thread thus far in the cases Kavanaugh is willing to openly criticize is their relation to presidential power &amp; accountability.
This bodes very poorly for any decision that Kavanaugh might make to hold @realDonaldTrump accountable. https://t.co/rY8hcFRAiS
Mr. President, stop spreading conspiracies in our democracy. Instead, you must focus on coming clean on what happened in your private meeting with Putin at #helsinkisummit and interviewing with Special Counsel Mueller. 

What secret deals did you make?#ruleoflaw https://t.co/OQMNxKFLGO
We're approaching one week since #HelsinkiSummit and the only people that have said anything substantive about what was discussed and agreed to are the @mfa_russia &amp; @PutinRF_Eng. #secretdeal
https://t.co/DIaF4u94zO
Asking to interview the interpreter is not a request that is made lightly, but when unverified news of the closed door meeting is coming out of Moscow, and the Trump Administration keeps changing their story, serious steps must to be taken to uncover the truth.
Why hasn’t @realDonaldTrump told DNI Director Coats about what happened in the Helsinki meeting? Does this mean @realDonaldTrump has a secret deal with Putin? Congress needs to interview the interpreter. https://t.co/jvq8X1BpPo
The admin’s backtrack on ZTE is another example of @POTUS being weak in the face of another nation’s leader while the GOP just follows along. @realDonaldTrump has once again broken his core promise to be tough on China simply to please President Xi &amp; he got nothing in return.
By stripping the Senate’s tough ZTE sanctions provision from the defense bill, @realDonaldTrump &amp; the Congressional GOP who acted at his behest have once again made President Xi &amp; the Chinese Govt the big winners &amp; the American worker &amp; our national security the big losers. https://t.co/gCNo7y5yuI
Judge Kavanaugh’s ruling would allow unfettered Russian money to pour into our elections on behalf of President Trump. We need a Supreme Court that protects our democracy and elections, not expose them. #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/5UNCJ1lJlr
Until we know what happened at that two hour meeting in Helsinki, @realDonaldTrump should have no more one-on-one interactions with Putin. In the United States, in Russia, or anywhere else.
For those keeping score at home this week:
Pres. Putin: 3
Pres. Trump: 0
Biggest Loser: the American people and our election security. https://t.co/KWih4rn4hI
Today the Senate came tgtr in a bipartisan way to declare what should have already been obvious – it's neither the policy nor the practice of the United States to submit our citizens, let alone our Ambassadors like former Amb. @McFaul, to the interrogation of a foreign adversary. https://t.co/4Dfk7DvqvL
Meanwhile, @SenateDems are working to lower costs for American families: https://t.co/TfpSfDXrCu
Trump admin and GOP sabotage of our health care system has led to unnecessarily high premium increases in California. https://t.co/PfwZVRs97p
No President should have the power to gift wrap American citizens, let alone former Ambassadors, to our known adversaries. This morning, @SenatorMenendez @SenatorDurbin @brianschatz &amp; I offer a simple resolution that the Senate should pass today. Read it: https://t.co/nVHl8JHF60 https://t.co/uSD0Uu9Im5
Incredible speech from one of NY's heroes. Congratulations Jim! #KellyTough #perseverance https://t.co/7IZC9pymGZ
If only you had raised the issue during last week’s fist bump. https://t.co/Y7v9emlb8h
The President won’t rule out turning an American public servant over to Vladimir Putin, but tomorrow I hope the Senate will. https://t.co/PyNC5qESbH
Health insurance rates could be lower in Nevada, but many families will be paying more, not less, thanks to Trump &amp; GOP sabotage. Insurers in NV also warned that #junkplans &amp; court cases threaten premiums to rise even more, all thanks to the Trump admin.
https://t.co/SWtvwuqIze
Mr. President. Walk this back too. https://t.co/2ZRggSwqUi
Brett Kavanaugh doesn't think that a sitting president can be indicted, that they don’t have to follow laws they deem unconstitutional, and now this. Are these the real reasons @realDonaldTrump nominated him? https://t.co/8QwMGu5E8O
And 5. We must move @SenAmyKlobuchar’s election security  bill immediately. The Senate, in a bipartisan way, included $380M in the last spending bill for election security - more is certainly needed.
4. @realDonaldTrump must both release his tax returns AND insist on the extradition of the 12 Russians recently indicted for election interference;
3. Our Republican friends must end the attacks on the Department of Justice, the FBI, and the special counsel, and let the investigation proceed unimpeded. The best way to do this is to pass legislation to protect the special counsel;
Where are the notes from the president's private mtg? What did @realDonaldTrump agree to? Were @SecPompeo, Amb. Jon Huntsman or others briefed afterwards? @SenateMajLdr should join us in requesting a hearing to learn the full extent of what happened behind closed doors;
2. Probably most importantly, our Republican colleagues need to immediately join us in demanding public testimony from the president’s national security team that was in Helsinki.
1. Ratchet up sanctions on Russia, not water them down. The sanctions the Senate passed 98-2 have not even been fully implemented and someone has inserted a loophole to water them down in the House Defense legislation.
Here are a few things that the Senate can do immediately in response to @realDonaldTrump's disastrous summit:
It tells President Putin 'continue to take advantage of Donald Trump' because he doesn’t have the courage, the strength, maybe not even the conviction to say to Putin’s face what he tried to say a few minutes ago.
If @realDonaldTrump can’t say directly to President Putin that he is wrong &amp; we are right &amp; our intelligence agencies are right, it’s ineffective &amp; worse, another sign of weakness.
President Trump tried to squirm away from what he said yesterday. It’s twenty-four hours too late, and in the wrong place.
Thanks to GOP @RepMikeCoffman for making the effort to #SaveTheInternet bipartisan in the House. The Senate already acted 60+ days ago in a bipartisan way to restore #NetNeutrality. I urge @SpeakerRyan to immediately schedule a vote to #SaveTheInternet  https://t.co/8eUSDe4m2g
If there’s another credible explanation for why he acted the way he did, it would behoove @realDonaldTrump to let the American people in on it.
.@realDonaldTrump's behavior has everyone in America scratching their heads. There is no rational explanation for it, so millions of Americans are left wondering if Putin indeed has something over the president.
Putin is a trained liar. He lies brazenly, shamelessly, repeatedly about things big &amp; small. Yet @realDonaldTrump immediately accepts Putin’s “strong &amp; powerful denial” that he didn’t meddle in our elections over the considered judgment of dedicated US intelligence professionals.
Can you imagine if Pres Kennedy believed Khrushchev when he said there were no missiles in Cuba?

Can you imagine if Pres Reagan believed Gorbachev without verifying that the USSR would reduce its missile stockpile?

We’d be living in a much different world than we are today.
I shared @SenJohnMcCain's strong words on the Senate floor this am. 

They should be a clarion call to every Republican to not just speak up, but to take action because the national security of America is endangered. https://t.co/9ZXIYvPrse
Last week I was asked to help on a mission from God to make sure @dan_aykroyd ‘s historic @harleydavidson from the early days of @nbcsnl could clear customs and arrive at its new home, the @NtlComedyCenter in Jamestown! It arrived safely in time for their opening in two weeks!
Millions of Americans will continue to wonder if the only possible explanation for this dangerous behavior is the possibility that President Putin holds damaging information over President Trump.
A single, ominous question now hangs over the White House: what could possibly cause @realDonaldTrump to put the interests of Russia over those of the United States
Starting with the president’s trip to NATO and ending with his shameful performance at today’s press conference, @realDonaldTrump has strengthened our adversaries while weakening our defenses and those of our allies.
For the president of the United States to side with President Putin against American law enforcement, American defense officials, and American intelligence agencies is thoughtless, dangerous, and weak. The president is putting himself over our country.
In the entire history of our country, Americans have never seen a president of the United States support an American adversary the way @realDonaldTrump has supported President Putin.
After sifting through the last few years of CDC data, today, I am sounding the alarm and revealing that when it comes to fatal drownings and toddlers, numbers have climbed – and toddler boys are at dramatically greater risk than girls.
 https://t.co/EIKbOAKnrd
For @realDonaldTrump to meet with President Putin without expressing the outrage of the American people &amp; securing real progress would be terrible for the US &amp; and the security of our election system.
Putin’s interference in our 2016 elections &amp; our upcoming election is a serious threat to our democracy that transcends political parties.
And 3rd, President Trump should not agree to weaken, lift, or curtail any of the sanctions on Russia, no matter what Putin asks.
2nd, the president must demand that the 12 Russians named in the indictment be sent to the U.S. to stand trial.
Spoke w/ @SecPompeo today to make 3 points:
1st, I don’t believe the meeting should take place but if it is going to happen, @realDonaldTrump must press Putin hard on the issue of election interference. He can’t simply raise it, accept Putin’s denial &amp; then let him off the hook.
Americans also want Mueller to be able to finish his work - unobstructed.
Americans don’t want Moscow (or St. Petersburg). Americans just want the hackers who interfered in our elections. https://t.co/oEmxDnxKiv
It is more important than ever that @realDonaldTrump implement the defense &amp; intelligence sector sanctions against Russia. There should be no waiver added in the NDAA for these sanctions.
And, lets not forget: During his 539 days in the White House, @realDonaldTrump has done nearly nothing to hold Putin &amp; his cronies accountable. You can blame Obama, but you’re the president today &amp; you’re meeting alone w/ Putin on Mon. Ask him to hand over the indicted Russians.
Trying to distract us again. You invited and urged Vladimir Putin to intervene in our elections. You promoted their material on Assange’s Wikileaks nearly every day of the campaign. https://t.co/VT6jwmorhz
You must make it clear to President Putin that the 12 intelligence operatives now have to face justice in America.  #defenddemocracy
According to the Rosenstein-Mueller indictments, these operatives stole the personal information of hundreds of thousands of American voters, including their social security numbers and addresses. https://t.co/TYYXK9ti7I
.@realdonaldtrump, today my colleagues and I are officially calling on you to demand President Putin hand over the 12 indicted Russian intelligence operatives that interfered in the 2016 election. https://t.co/r8suBCKMxu
.@realDonaldTrump, what are you personally doing to fortify and defend America’s 2018 elections from Russian interference? The American people deserve to know.
Rosenstein-Mueller accomplishments to date include guilty pleas from senior Trump officials like Deputy Campaign Chairman Rick Gates for conspiracy against the United States related to Russia.
The Rosenstein-Mueller investigation is making fast work of finding criminal activity: 35 indictments, five guilty pleas and one prison sentence in a little more than a year. #DefendDemocracy
Cancel the Putin meeting. Now. https://t.co/SqdhVDafH7
Because of Republicans’ sabotage of our healthcare system, middle class Tennesseans will pay hundreds of dollars more in premiums than they would otherwise. https://t.co/SbxZfjopq1
Congratulations on your retirement Chief. We are forever grateful for your service. #NeverForget https://t.co/ACFvEZytOQ
I hope my Republican colleagues in the House and Senate will do the right thing and maintain the Senate’s strong language in the defense bill that reverses the administration’s awful ZTE deal.
It’s clear President Trump gave away the store to China for nothing, so now it’s entirely up to Congress to right the administration’s wrong.
The Trump admin’s terrible ZTE deal will undermine our national &amp; economic security, which is exactly why the Senate overwhelmingly passed bipartisan legislation to retroactively tear it apart.
Allowing ZTE to resume business is a direct betrayal of @realDonaldTrump’s promise to be tough on China &amp; protect American workers. https://t.co/JHZ8Lf3sXY
We need the DOJ Criminal Division to help uncover, prevent, &amp; deter Russian interference in our elections. Brian Benczkowski cannot lead that. I'm voting NO - make sure your Senators do too.
Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation has resulted in 23 indictments, 5 guilty pleas &amp; 1 prison sentence in only one year. Confirming Brian Benczkowski puts that investigation in jeopardy.
El Senado se unió previamente de forma bipartidista para proteger los derechos reproductivos de la mujer y proteger el ciduado de salud para millones de estadounidenses. Necesitamos unirnos de nuevo y oponernos a la nominación del juez Kavanaugh #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/YW2JkUhAIM
Can you imagine the Supreme Court thrusting us back to a time when you could be denied health insurance in America precisely because you need it so desperately? Can you imagine going back to a time where you could be denied coverage for having one of these #PreExistingConditions? https://t.co/LDMTWjd80u
For children across America like Charlie, their future is #WhatsAtStake. More on why we must #StopKavanaugh and protect health care for children like her, LIVE: https://t.co/adHc7qQ1Cy https://t.co/0kzyWh06TA
The president needs to remember that, as Commander-in-Chief, his duty is to protect the American people from foreign threats, not to sell out our democracy to Putin.
If POTUS leaves Putin mtg w/out ironclad assurances &amp; concrete steps toward a full cessation of Russian attacks on the US, this mtg will not only be a failure, it will be a grave step back for the future of intl order &amp; global security.  A successful mtg means real action, now.
.@realDonaldTrump’s brazen insults and denigration of one of America’s most steadfast allies, Germany, is an embarrassment.  His behavior this morning is another profoundly disturbing signal that the president is more loyal to President Putin than to our NATO allies.
President Trump should not meet with President Putin alone.
Democrats &amp; Republicans in Congress just agreed that the Trump administration should urgently complete a strategy to counter malign activities of Russia that seek to undermine faith in democratic institutions in the United States &amp; around the world. @realDonaldTrump, get to work.
Democrats &amp; Republicans in Congress just agreed that the NATO alliance is critical to defending democracy, peace &amp; prosperity throughout the world.
Democrats &amp; Republicans in Congress just agreed that continued United States leadership in NATO is critical to the national security of our country.
Today, in a 97-2 vote, the Senate sent an overwhelming message to President Trump to stand by our NATO allies and to stand against President Putin.
In the courts &amp; thru his admin, @realDonaldTrump is raising #healthcare costs &amp; decreasing access to health insurance. The latest? Slashing $ to help Americans sign up for insurance &amp; using what’s left to promote his #junkplans that don’t cover essential services: https://t.co/TaM0XocsnS
The nomination of Judge Kavanaugh would put our nation's heath care system in danger. More from Sens Klobuchar, Hirono &amp; Booker, LIVE: https://t.co/sodEUQprjx #WhatsAtStake #StopKavanaugh https://t.co/Pn0un8HqnB
The DOJ Criminal Division needs a litigator, prosecutor, &amp; legal professional with the experience required to lead the toughest cases facing our country. That’s not Trump-nominee Brian Benczkowski.
Benczkowski refuses to recuse himself from the Russia investigation despite having worked for a Russian bank under investigation for ties to Trump. He also pushed for Comey’s firing to AG Sessions while serving on the Trump transition team. Those are clear conflicts of interest.
TODAY @SenateGOP is quietly pushing a vote on Brian Benczkowski to head the DOJ Criminal Division. This vote will have MAJOR implications on the investigation into Russian meddling with the Trump campaign and our elections.
Now is the time to fight for the freedoms and rights that all Americans deserve. That's #WhatsAtStake with this #ScotusPick. More LIVE: https://t.co/uQi87exhqB https://t.co/uTO3LzlvN4
The Senate should have the ability &amp; time to review Judge Kavanaugh’s written history, where the best clues to his jurisprudence may lie. It is no less than the standard my GOP colleagues demanded of Justice Kagan during her confirmation process. #WhatsAtStake #StopKavanaugh
Judge Kavanaugh’s papers may be critical to helping the American people understand the kind of jurist that Judge Kavanaugh would be on the Supreme Court. His papers may give the Senate the best &amp; only chance of understanding Judge Kavanaugh’s personal views.
Judge Kavanaugh’s long track record of partisan politics comes w/ a long paper trail. The Senate must be able to access &amp; adequately review all docs, emails, &amp; paperwork associated w/ Kavanaugh before the process moves fwd.
I will oppose Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination with everything I have, and I hope a bipartisan majority will do the same. The stakes are simply too high for anything less. 
Read my full statement on #WhatsAtStake: https://t.co/BYtcB3LWWB  #StopKavanaugh https://t.co/5f2Bomxltb
Judge Kavanaugh got the nomination because he passed this litmus test, not because he’ll be an impartial judge on behalf of all Americans. If he were to be confirmed, women’s reproductive rights would be in the hands of five men on the Supreme Court. #WhatsAtStake #StopKavanaugh https://t.co/645fRDAn2m
Judge Kavanaugh's own writings make clear that he would rule against reproductive rights and freedoms, and that he would welcome challenges to the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act. #WhatsAtStake #StopKavanaugh #ScotusPick https://t.co/j94kPUXSoM
In selecting Judge Brett Kavanaugh for the Supreme Court, @realDonaldTrump has put reproductive rights and freedoms and health care protections for millions of Americans on the judicial chopping block. #WhatsAtStake #StopKavanaugh #ScotusPick https://t.co/vUoVpJ6SHu
New report from the Fed finds growth from tax plan could be ZERO percent. Once again, we see the tax bill @realDonaldTrump &amp; the GOP pitched to the American people was actually a #GOPTaxScam for the rich. 
https://t.co/RobYUIac9B
.@morethanmySLE is a survivor, a fighter, an advocate, and a NYer. He knows exactly #WhatsAtStake if Americans lose their health care protections. I’m fighting for him and all those whose story he shares. https://t.co/gWgFUEkcmF
No one has been more dedicated to overturning #RoevWade than the very man who chose the list of 25; no one has been more dedicated to overturning Roe v. Wade than Leonard Leo. https://t.co/dmKifePKvo
Later tonight, @realDonaldTrump will announce his nomination for the upcoming vacancy on the Supreme Court. My take on #WhatsAtStake LIVE: https://t.co/pQs79SmfB1
ICYMI: the GOP is at it again, sabotaging our health care system. They have to listen to their constituents and focus on helping MORE Americans access affordable care, not less. https://t.co/qdxeJofWor
Insurers agree the GOP’s latest health care sabotage “...will create more market uncertainty and increase premiums for many health plans,” 

The Trump administration needs to help American families and fix this as fast as possible. https://t.co/KpYLdd2qIL
Joined many of you today on Delaware Ave, enjoying great food, cool drinks, and of course spending time with the locals who call WNY &amp; “the city of good neighbors” home! #TasteOfBuffalo https://t.co/JvUEAMCzWs
Instead of picking a #SCOTUS nominee like Judge Hardiman off a list pre-approved by powerful special interests, @realDonaldTrump should work with us to find a consensus, mainstream &amp; independent nominee. #WhatsAtStake
Judge Hardiman dissented from a majority opinion to argue that hardworking paramedics should be denied overtime pay for work in excess of 40 hours a week. #WhatsatStake https://t.co/pwv8MPDyo3
Hardiman sided w/ a trucking co. that laid off nearly 1,800 workers w/ very little notice &amp; refused to pay them approx $8M in owed wages. One driver was unable to cover his terminal cancer treatments after the sudden firing &amp; died 3 mos later #WhatsatStake https://t.co/slv2N8xPxR
While under consideration for a district court nom, Hardiman donated thousands to Sen Santorum who considers contraception “dangerous” &amp; worked w @SenateGOP on the failed Trumpcare bill to take healthcare from tens of millions of Americans. #WhatsatStake https://t.co/UUkEH3PNBc
Judge Hardiman issued a ruling favorable to the Trump Administration in its efforts to strip women of their freedom and rights by undermining the ACA’s contraception coverage benefits. https://t.co/HI45brsgvb
Thomas Hardiman is a judge on the 3rd Circuit Court of Appeals &amp; on @realDonaldTrump’s pre-approved list for SCOTUS noms, having passed his “litmus tests” on overturning Roe v. Wade &amp; striking down critical protections in our health care system.
What a morning for these runners! Congrats to everyone on another great #boilermaker15k in Utica! https://t.co/xZrP3ddDlH
Is anyone surprised? https://t.co/HOSbE5hOwV
Acting Director Wheeler needs to show new leadership at the EPA. He can start by pushing this important report to the finish line.
With Scott Pruitt out at @EPA, will the agency’s reports on dangerous toxins see the light of day? If the report is ready to move forward, why is the Trump administration keeping important health &amp; safety information from parents and families? https://t.co/G0bwKp9y7r
Took you long enough. Still a very long way to go to fully #DrainTheSwamp. https://t.co/nh7XEHGX0I
After months and months of Republicans’ sabotage of our health care system, Georgia insurers say that sabotage has directly resulted in premium increases, adding if the Trump administration implements their #junkplans rule, they may have to raise them even more.
Kethledge was hand-picked for the #SCOTUS short list by the head of the Federalist Society, Leonard Leo. Of Leo, one conservative said, “No one has been more dedicated to the enterprise of building a Supreme Court that will overturn Roe v. Wade” https://t.co/trcRRZkGzH
In a case brought by victims of the Flint water disaster, Judge Kethledge sided with the corporations who contributed to the crisis rather than standing up for those who suffered as a result. #WhatsatStake https://t.co/d10lzoks6z
Judge Kethledge wrote a concurring opinion to a decision that would have prevented as many as 200K otherwise eligible Ohio voters from casting ballots. Thankfully, #SCOTUS promptly vacated the decision &amp; allowed the votes to be counted. #WhatsatStake https://t.co/zCaQ1u9gOk
Judge Kethledge has repeatedly sided against workers in cases dealing with the right to organize, fair wages, age discrimination, and sexual harassment. #WhatsatStake https://t.co/Pyf6wR1Ica
Judge Kethledge has a history of opposing women’s reproductive freedom. Anti-choice activists have praised his work as Judiciary Committee counsel for Senator Spencer Abraham (R-MI) when Sen. Abraham was pushing for a federal abortion ban. https://t.co/p4FiniNAJ0
Raymond Kethledge is a judge on the Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit &amp; on @realDonaldTrump’s pre-approved list, having passed the “litmus test” on overturning #RoevWade &amp; striking down protections for ppl w/pre-ex conditions in the ACA. Here’s #WhatsAtStake if he’s confirmed:
What a great 4th! My family surprised me with Yankees tickets —nothing better than sausage and peppers, cold beer, and the @Yankees winning on the Fourth of July! #IndependenceDay https://t.co/s5XoutApA9
Will you join me, @realDonaldTrump?
Today, I am celebrating the FREEDOM of every American to choose to marry the person they love, as established by the Supreme Court in Obergefell v. Hodges.
Today, I am celebrating the FREEDOM of women to make their own health care decisions, as established by the Supreme Court in Roe v. Wade.
Wishing everyone a very Happy #July4! https://t.co/Zmr8XoplfH
Instead of picking a #SCOTUS nominee off a list pre-approved by powerful special interests, @realDonaldTrump should instead consult with @SenateDems &amp; @SenateGOP to find a consensus, mainstream &amp; independent nominee. #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/ZfHg0ZZjO0
Kavanaugh frequently sides with powerful interests rather than defending the rights of all Americans like when he argued that the FCC’s #NetNeutrality rule benefiting millions of consumers was unconstitutional. https://t.co/jq3ve5pWU2
Kavanaugh has taken numerous positions that question his ability to be an indep. check on @POTUS, saying investigations of presidents should be deferred while in office &amp; a president needn’t obey it when he “deems the law unconstitutional.” #WhatsAtStake  https://t.co/fOXkEJuBxt
Brett Kavanaugh would have helped the Trump administration keep a young girl in federal custody to prevent her obtaining constitutionally protected health care. #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/LiSC2EHjoD
Kavanaugh argued that the D.C. Circuit should consider a claim that the ACA was unconstitutional. Several of his fellow judges described Kavanaugh’s argument as a “flawed” “misread” of #SCOTUS precedent. #WhatsAtStake  https://t.co/DYqcHfOX0s
Brett Kavanaugh is a judge on the Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit &amp; on @realDonaldTrump’s pre-approved list, having passed the “litmus test” on overturning Roe v. Wade &amp; striking down protections for ppl w/ pre-ex conditions in the ACA. Here’s #WhatsAtStake if he’s confirmed:
Enjoyed lively conversation tonight with my constituents led by @bkindivisible. Heard their concerns &amp; felt their passion despite being stuck at the airport in Utica during our townhall. We’ll keep fighting! https://t.co/uD6EmzWVCs
With &gt;9K cases pending, Syracuse Social Security field office has the largest case backlog in NYS &amp; the avg wait time for an appeals hearing is &gt;620days. That’s no way to support NY’s seniors. Let’s get them off hold immediately: https://t.co/C0wRfSwIKN
Even after my urging last month, the Post Office is still preventing veterans from distributing poppies. It is exasperating that USPS would stand in the way of this long-standing tradition that helps so many veterans. Intro-ing new bill the change this: https://t.co/eki1BJ1JqW
Told @CBP today: Why wait? Approve Buffalo’s plan for a new, accessible, &amp; improved Nexus enrollment center to make travel easier &amp; faster for Western NYers.   https://t.co/aH52GNYUuQ
Heartbroken to learn of the death in the line of duty of NYS Trooper Nicholas Clark, this morning.  May God bless him, his family and our great @nyspolice.
The bottom line: Judge Barrett has given every indication that she will be an activist judge on the Court. If chosen as the nominee, she will be the deciding vote to overturn Roe v. Wade and to strike down pre-existing conditions protections in the ACA. #WhatsAtStake
She disagrees with “stare decisis” - the idea that cases like Roe v. Wade are settled law in the courts - and instead has said she wants “space” for “reargument.”  https://t.co/JcWyOx4uZl
Barrett also fought efforts to ensure that all women have access to contraceptives. https://t.co/voWM3KjeGr
Barrett attacked the Supreme Court’s decision upholding the Affordable Care Act, which has helped millions of people secure health insurance coverage. https://t.co/JXJAbCmvN4
Amy Coney Barrett is a judge on the Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit &amp; on @realDonaldTrump’s pre-approved list for SCOTUS. She passed his “litmus test” on overturning Roe v. Wade &amp; striking down the ACA.  Here’s where she stands on Americans' big issues:
After NK summit, @realDonaldTrump said “everybody can now feel much safer…There is no longer a Nuclear threat from North Korea.”
 
Now it’s reported that NK is planning to keep and conceal nuclear weapons.
 
Photo ops just don’t bring peace. https://t.co/enRIZ1eVUm
What a month! Thank you to all the organizers, activists, marchers &amp; friends who made the #Pride events this month a huge success. We're in this together &amp; we will not give up the fight! #PrideMonth #NYCPride https://t.co/AISGjsSpeL
The president has the power to appoint a czar to marshal &amp; organize the agencies in charge of reunifying families. He should exercise that power, listen to all those marching today &amp; clean up the mess he made w/ his slapdash family separation policy. #FamiliesBelongTogetherMarch
Mr. President - we know each judge on the list of 25 handpicked by the @FedSoc will overturn Roe v. Wade and strike down pre-existing condition protections. You don’t need to ask. https://t.co/rR8t8ErE79
A vibrant, free press is a pillar of American democracy enshrined in our Constitution. I salute those who dedicate their lives to this profession and mourn for those we lost yesterday. 2/2
I stand w/ fellow Americans who are appalled by the horrific attack at the Capital Gazette, a wonderful community-based newspaper company. 1/2
Bob Mueller is a decorated Marine, former DoJ prosecutor, and former FBI Director.  And, let me remind you, he is a REPUBLICAN.  And he was appointed by a REPUBLICAN.  In a little more than a year, he has secured 23 indictments, five guilty pleas and one prison sentence. https://t.co/3sqXhJbBX6
If anything should happen at this mtg, @realDonaldTrump must inform Putin of his intent to aggressively implement tough sanctions that Congress passed last yr nearly unanimously and tell him we will no longer stand by while he works to destabilize &amp; harm us &amp; our NATO allies.
The American people have to wonder: why is our president so committed to building a relationship with someone so dedicated to undermining our democracy and doing harm to our friends and allies?
For @realDonaldTrump to reward President Putin with a one-on-one meeting while Russia actively continues to interfere with our elections &amp; undermine the integrity of the transatlantic alliance, proves his priorities are out of whack.
Americans from all corners of the country: rise up &amp; speak out. Tell your Senators that if they vote for a Supreme Court justice who will dismantle your health care protections or overturn Roe v. Wade, they're not fighting for you. Tell them #WhatsAtStake. https://t.co/61JYFk2Dw8 https://t.co/opdDN9ay2k
Every American should have their eyes wide open to the fact that @realDonaldTrump has sworn to nominate a justice, from a pre-ordained list vetted by @Heritage &amp; @FedSoc – organizations whose mission has been to repeal Roe v. Wade and strike at the heart of our health care law.
.@realDonaldTrump will nominate a justice willing to re-interpret the ruling on the ACA. Remember when he said: “Justice Roberts turned out to be an absolute disaster because he gave us Obamacare.” “I don’t think I’ll have any catastrophic appointment like Justice Roberts.”
.@realDonaldTrump will nominate a #SCOTUS justice willing to send Roe “back to the states” – those are his own words – where several are preparing, if not already prepared, to roll back a woman’s right to choose. #WhatsAtStake
So today @SenateDems &amp; @HouseDemocrats are standing up for public employees – teachers, nurses &amp; health care providers, firefighters, police officers, EMTs, librarians, correctional officers – w/ our #ABetterDeal bill to protect the right to organize &amp; bargain collectively.
#Unions built the middle class in this country, &amp; now Republicans &amp; their friends on the court are doing everything they can to rip them apart at the seams. The Janus decision was a gut punch to working people across the country.
If the Senate’s constitutional duty to advise and consent is just as important as the President’s right to nominate, as Leader McConnell also reminded us, why should a midterm election be any less important than a presidential election?
If GOP were consistent, they would wait to consider Justice Kennedy’s successor until after the midterm elections. Time &amp; again Ldr McConnell claimed the American ppl should have a voice in deciding the next SCOTUS Justice. That was in Feb of an election year. It’s almost July.
Why do you trust Putin more than your own Republican DOJ officials and the Republican special counsel that was appointed by a Republican?  Sit down and do the interview. https://t.co/4Cvgf3zX9n
In 2016, Senate Republicans said that the American people deserve an opportunity to speak on Supreme Court nominees. 

Now that Justice Kennedy is retiring and @realDonaldTrump is president, will they silence them? https://t.co/nT0wtgET6O
Americans should make it clear that they will not tolerate a nominee chosen from President Trump’s pre-ordained list, selected by powerful special interests, who will reverse the progress we have made over the decades.
People from all across America should realize that their rights and opportunities are threatened and should make their voices heard loudly, clearly, and consistently.
Millions of ppl are just months away from determining the senators who should vote to confirm or reject POTUS’s nominee, &amp; their voices deserve to be heard now, as @SenateMajLdr thought they deserved to be heard then. Anything but that would be the absolute height of hypocrisy.
My @SenateGOP colleagues should follow the rule they set in 2016 not to consider a SCOTUS nominee in an election year. Sen McConnell would tell anyone who listened that the Senate had the right to advise &amp; consent, &amp; that was every bit as important as POTUS’ right to nominate.
The Senate should reject anyone who will instinctively side with powerful special interests over the interests of average Americans.
Will Republicans &amp; @realDonaldTrump nominate &amp; vote for someone who will preserve protections for people w/ preexisting conditions, or will they support a justice who will put health insurance companies over patients, or put the federal government between a woman &amp; her doctor?
This is the most important Supreme Court vacancy for this country in at least a generation. Nothing less than the fate of our health care system, reproductive rights for women, and countless other protections for middle-class Americans are at stake.
.@realDonaldTrump needs to end the inhumanity &amp; chaos at the border, but we also need a real strategy to go after cartels &amp; gangs in Central America, curbing the violence that sends migrants north in the first place. @SenateDems unveil our plan at 12pm: https://t.co/OwQ52Dgy3V
There is a pretty simple reason people are fleeing Central America. It is the impunity of gangs and cartels and the brutal violence they spread.
I want to be clear: anyone who supports the lawsuit against the ACA has said loud and clear that they don’t support protections for people with pre-existing conditions. More LIVE: https://t.co/zm7geApNOb
The Republican strategy is clear: increase the deficit on behalf of special interests, then use that as an excuse to slash benefits that hardworking Americans have earned.  Democrats will do everything possible to prevent that from happening.
Today’s report is another reminder about the true costs of handing out massive tax breaks to billionaires &amp; large corporations: https://t.co/VnBeyDtIp4
The president’s travel ban doesn’t make us safer, and the Supreme Court’s ruling doesn’t make it right. This is a backward and un-American policy that fails to improve our national security.
Simply put, @realDonaldTrump turned his back on the most popular &amp; most humane advancement in our health care system: protections for Americans w/ pre-existing conditions. The young people with us today &amp; everyone they fight for deserve better.
We’re here w/ @LittleLobbyists today because the protections put in place by the ACA for people with pre-existing conditions are under assault.  Watch live: https://t.co/4uZn5xZGvR https://t.co/z9HMqaNGuV
.@realDonaldTrump, you said giving corporations like Harley a big tax giveaway would mean more jobs. 

Instead, many corporate executives announced buybacks and laid off American workers.
https://t.co/JU9SOv9rdU https://t.co/fEbqWKT8g5
Chief Spadafora spent his whole life serving the ppl of NY, &amp;we can never thank him enough. He answered the call time &amp; time again when tragedy struck. He led recovery efforts after 9/11 &amp; that has now taken his life.  He will forever be one of our heroes. https://t.co/j77sdMDfzn
Then why are you tweeting about it? These decisions can &amp; should be made by @realDonaldTrump's appointees at @FBI &amp; @TheJusticeDept. 
And, another reminder, Special Counsel Mueller has either indicted or secured guilty pleas from 20 ppl &amp; 3 Cos. (including 3 former Trump aides) https://t.co/GvQJjcNwZH
Family dinner tonight at L&amp;B Spumoni Gardens in the heart of Italian Brooklyn — like eating in Sicily! https://t.co/n9d7oKpDdW
Marching in the #NYCPride Parade has special meaning this year as I am marching with my daughter Alison and her wonderful fiancée Biz! #HappyPride https://t.co/xYj8ENi80N
See you there! https://t.co/lLdoTIp81X
The Trump ‘zero-tolerance’ immigration policy has left many with zero confidence in the admin’s ability to quickly reunite children w/ their parents. The admin should appoint a Czar to break thru the bureaucracy &amp; get these kids out of limbo &amp; back in their parents arms.
The Special Counsel’s investigation into Russian interference in US elections has either indicted or secured guilty pleas from 20 ppl &amp; 3 companies. Five of these ppl, including three former Trump aides, have already pleaded guilty. https://t.co/GkhtbddLgT
People of all political stripes should read conservative @GeorgeWill’s amazing column: https://t.co/xr5X756cC8
Best wishes and congrats go out to @TinaMoorereport on being promoted by the @nypost as the paper’s FIRST female Police Bureau Chief.
It may be the GOP’s 6 mo anniversary, but remember what @realDonaldTrump promised the American people? He said the Republican tax bill would give a $4,000 raise for the average American family. Spoiler: it hasn’t. #GOPTaxScam https://t.co/X0YANf5wG0
If you look at the numbers, corporations are reaping record profits as a result of the #GOPTaxScam, but that savings isn’t really being passed onto their workers. https://t.co/NEjSnC2xRe
Since the beginning of 2018, corporations have announced plans to repurchase more than $480 billion in stock buybacks. Meanwhile, the @washingtonpost reported that “wages aren’t just flat, they are falling” for the largest group of American workers. https://t.co/II7oKuMalt
6 mos ago, in the dead of night, the GOP jammed thru the #GOPTaxScam lavishing tax cuts on big corps &amp; the wealthiest few. @realDonaldTrump &amp; the GOP promised this would help the middle class, &amp; even give families $4K more in their pockets. But the tax law has failed to deliver.
More increases in health insurance rates out of Indiana and Iowa today—those higher costs are thanks to the sabotage actions of the Trump administration &amp; Republicans in Congress, who are more concerned about scoring political points than lowering costs for American families.
Open borders, @realDonaldTrump? The bipartisan immigration bill I authored had $40 billion for border security and would have been far more effective than the wall.
While @realDonaldTrump signed an exec order on his policy of family separation, it does nothing for the &gt;2,300 children who have already been separated. Today @NancyPelosi &amp; I are writing him with one simple request: reunite these suffering children with their families. https://t.co/MQ3YcIXavw
.@realDonaldTrump hasn’t taken care of the problem, not by any stretch of the imagination. But now that he’s finally admitted that his administration does have the power to take action, I urge him to address these serious, unresolved issues.
What is the admin's plan to reunite the children already separated from their families? The EO is silent on that. How many facilities are these kids in now? What is their condition? Why hasn’t the media been allowed in to see and verify that the conditions are humane?
The way the executive order was drafted means that it will not go into effect until a court rules on its legality. What is @realDonaldTrump's policy on family separation in the meantime? Will he continue to insist that these heartbreaking separations continue?
I hope this means @realDonaldTrump will stop blaming others for problems he creates &amp; start fixing them himself. He may have signed his executive order, but we have even more questions:
For a little over a month, @realDonaldTrump’s family separation policy has resulted in &gt;2,300 children separated from their families. After wks of acting like his admin bore no responsibility for the policy, contravening all fact &amp; reality, I hope this represents a turning point.
Keeping these children separated from their families is unacceptable and must be rectified. This has to be our number one priority #KeepFamiliesTogether
https://t.co/H2bkvKtDpc
He can start with correcting the problems that this executive order will create, and should also undo his #DACA order, which has put so many young people in limbo.
I also hope this represents a turning point &amp; @POTUS will stop blaming others for problems he creates &amp; start fixing them himself.
It’s a relief that @realDonaldTrump has reversed himself &amp; recognized the cruelty of his policy of separating families. While the EO doesn’t reference the families already ripped apart, I hope &amp; expect that the admin will be able to quickly reunite these children w/their parents.
Protecting US jobs &amp; our nation’s security must remain paramount &amp; not something that we can compromise on. As my colleagues on both sides have already stated, it is vital that the House keep this bipartisan provision in the defense bill as it heads towards a conference.
My Republican colleagues must resist efforts by the Trump administration – at the behest of the Government of China -  to get them to water down or back off of the Senate’s strong language on ZTE in the defense bill.
It’s as easy as this Mr. President. Just sign on the line, @realDonaldTrump. #KeepFamiliesTogether https://t.co/rhZcd9Iib2
It's unconscionable that the US govt is housing babies &amp; toddlers alone in an institutional setting. This crisis was willfully &amp; purposefully created by @realDonaldTrump. It can &amp; should be ended by the same mechanism. 

With the simple flick of a pen, this can be ended.
You - and not the law - are responsible for this family separation policy, @realDonaldTrump. GOP Senators and members of your own administration have confirmed this. You could reverse this terrible practice in a few minutes- but you refuse to lift a finger. https://t.co/goVSkJoGVk
Anyone who believes this Republican Congress is capable of addressing this issue is kidding themselves. @realDonaldTrump can end this crisis with the flick of his pen, and he needs to do so now.
.@SpeakerRyan wants to pass a massive bill that may not even pass the House &amp; couldn’t pass Senate, @SenateGOP are supposedly eyeing a bill @realDonaldTrump wouldn’t sign even if it made it to his desk&amp; @POTUS continues to try to use separated fams as hostages in the leg process.
.@realDonaldTrump, if you share the outrage of the vast majority of Americans, if you’re ashamed of what’s happening at the border, YOU CAN change your administration’s policy right now. #KeepFamiliesTogether https://t.co/hhVn9lGd0X
The Trump administration and Republicans in Congress should work with Democrats in a bipartisan way to make health care more affordable instead of taking actions that jack up costs on middle-class families and those that are sick that need health care the most.
That’s exactly why more than 95% of the health care groups that filed comments about this proposed rule criticized it. In fact, not a single group that represents physicians, nurses, hospitals, or patients voiced support for it.
Finalizing this rule is simply the latest act of sabotage of our health care system by the Trump administration and a back door to expanding junk insurance plans that weaken protections for people with pre-existing conditions. https://t.co/WL2rw1cjCV
It is vital that our colleagues in the House keep this bipartisan provision in the bill as it heads towards a conference.
We’re heartened that both parties made it clear that protecting American jobs and national security must come first when making deals with countries like China, which has a history of having little regard for either.
Joining @SenTomCotton @ChrisVanHollen &amp; @marcorubio in releasing a joint statement following the passage of #NDAA with a bipartisan ZTE amendment: https://t.co/S7A1EzQ55W
As everyone who has looked at this agrees, this was done by the president, not Democrats. He can fix it tomorrow if he wants to, and if he doesn’t want to, he should own up to the fact that he’s doing it. https://t.co/PC5UUIUyFj
If the House moderates really want to get something done on immigration, they should not be duped by their leadership for a bill that they know isn’t going anywhere.
House mods will lose all credibility if they accept this sham of a bill; it's extreme &amp; drastically cuts immigration in ways unacceptable to the Senate &amp; American ppl. It holds #Dreamers &amp;kids separated frm parents hostage to cut legal immigration &amp; enact the hard right’s agenda.
Instead of supporting this so-called “moderate” bill, @HouseGOP who want to get something done for Dreamers should stick to their original idea: Protect the Dreamers and work in a bipartisan way to secure the border.
By all reports, the House “moderate” immigration bill is hardly moderate at all. It would cut legal immigration dramatically and punish #Dreamers.
It’s hard to believe that so-called House Republican moderates could vote for such a party line bill that is doomed to fail.
He turned 95 this week folks! Very grateful for my dad, Abe and my mom, Selma- she turned 90 on #DDay- and all they’ve done for our family. A happy #FathersDay to all! https://t.co/pi3QmYk9zo
Today as we celebrate #FathersDay, I want to share a few words I said about my Dad, Abe Schumer, this week on his 95th birthday. He is a #WWII veteran, and he worked so hard to let his children and grandchildren follow their dreams. I'll never stop being grateful for that. https://t.co/ciOdlrKrHD
.@realDonaldTrump, the IG report found what we all knew: James Comey’s actions helped you. During the election, the Russia investigation was concealed from the public, the other was inappropriately turned into a media circus. https://t.co/00nKcTCT1z
Minnesota implemented a reinsurance program. This is what can happen when states support patients and fight back against @realDonaldTrump and @SenateGOP efforts to undermine our health care system. https://t.co/NQmErwvuLo
Republicans in the House put forth a proposal that is dead on arrival in the Senate. When they get serious about finding an actual solution, Democrats will be ready to join them at the table.
Today marks the 6th anniversary of the announcement #DACA. Rather than celebrating all of the things immigrant youth gained, we are instead reminded that our Republican colleagues and the Trump administration are not serious about finding a solution for our #Dreamers.
Unless of course by “my people” the President means his cabinet: https://t.co/fTkYkVM4aE
This is the United States is America, not the United States of Trump. We are a democracy not a dictatorship. So thank God this will never happen. https://t.co/JfloxF1yvB
.@realDonaldTrump’s actions on China are on the money. China is our real trade enemy, &amp; their theft of intellectual property &amp; their refusal to let our companies compete fairly threatens millions of future US jobs. https://t.co/28UM7p9v2c
I hope Sec @stevenmnuchin1 @SecAzar &amp; @SecretaryAcosta will abandon their proposed rule, and instead work with @SenateDems to improve health care and lower costs for American families. https://t.co/kg5VkWNF1s
We've been hearing from our constituents about these #junkplans, and a recent @latimes analysis found “[n]ot a single group representing patients, physicians, nurses or hospitals voiced support in the public comments for the two Trump administration proposals.” https://t.co/t7lsFHQEWO
Healthcare experts overwhelmingly condemn the Trump administration’s plan, asserting the expanded sale and marketing of short-term “#junkplans” will negatively affect coverage. https://t.co/ZlYK5zjp2U
Today 44 Senators signed this letter to members of @realDonaldTrump's cabinet urging them to listen to the patients, advocates, doctors, nurses, hospitals &amp; other medical providers who have spoken out against #junkplans &amp; stop moving forward with their proposed rule. https://t.co/7nzQ3Ou2iy
Director Comey’s mishandling of the publicity around the Clinton email campaign all accrued to the benefit of then candidate Trump, not the other way around. Democrats said it then, and the Inspector General makes that clear now.
I’ve now seen the Inspector General’s report. It contains no evidence to make any reasonable person conclude that the Mueller investigation is anything other than independent, impartial &amp; just as important today as it was before this report was issued.
My dad, a #WorldWarII veteran turns 95 today on #FlagDay. What a blessing! https://t.co/ZzcMRzBh8I
After promising to protect ppl w/ pre-existing conditions from being denied affordable health care, @realDonaldTrump stabbed them right in the back by trying to remove those protections in the courts &amp; by trying to expand #junkplans that will effectively price them out.
The latest report from the American Academy of Actuaries further confirms that the Trump administration and Congressional Republicans’ systematic efforts to sabotage our health care system are driving up costs for millions of middle-class families.
https://t.co/k63FaRtfP3
Both Rs &amp; Ds must be resolute in blocking @realDonaldTrump's bad pro-China ZTE deal. Protecting our natl &amp; economic security is paramount, &amp;any deal that jeopardizes them should be stopped as both parties have already agreed. We can't back off on an issue so vital to America.
Exactly right. The Finger Lakes region is not and will never be a good location for this incinerator, and we have to stand strong to protect local jobs, so many in the tourism industry, &amp; our precious natural resources. #FLX https://t.co/ss7Mmao3AC
The income inequality gap is at the highest levels since the Great Depression, a sure sign the Trump admin and the GOP in Congress need to work with Democrats to give workers #ABetterDeal &amp; a chance to achieve basic economic security.
https://t.co/M7y40V9eoq
If @realDonaldTrump truly wants to make America great again, he needs to start by protecting American workers &amp; disassembling the rigged system that undermines their freedoms. He can start by joining us in giving workers #ABetterDeal. More: https://t.co/QHAXeQvcg7
Hard to believe it’s been 10 years without one of America’s greatest journalists and Buffalo’s most passionate advocates. From Western NY to Washington, we miss you Tim. #GoBills https://t.co/kyedDWTux0
The emphasis on showmanship as opposed to substance at the #NorthKoreaSummit will not serve America or the prospects for peace well in the long run.
Mr. President, if only it were that easy, that simple. https://t.co/zDMhHTkxCa
Glad you noticed. We wrote you last month asking for action: https://t.co/z113B9yrrS https://t.co/Oa0JdIQAsr
Republicans should instead work with Democrats now and throughout the summer to focus on lowering healthcare costs for the American people.
Actions speak louder than words. So far, the @SenateGOP’s own legislation and the Trump administration’s actions prove that they’re hell-bent on sabotaging the system, driving up costs for American families, and undermining protections for pre-existing conditions.
If Republicans are serious about maintaining protections for people with pre-existing conditions, they should join us in urging the Trump administration to reverse their shameful decision to not defend the constitutionality of that vital provision that is already the law.
ICYMI @SenatorHassan on how the Trump administration has put politics over people by refusing to defend protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions. Watch: https://t.co/PqPL3gZaVN
What the United States has gained is vague and unverifiable; what North Korea has gained, however, is tangible and lasting. More on our take on the #NorthKoreaSummit LIVE: https://t.co/lJuj9bMrTd
Go @NYRangers! But congrats to the @Capitals and stay safe everyone celebrating in DC today. https://t.co/07Gz2s5l3A
2 yrs ago today, 49 beautiful lives were taken from us far too soon. Today we remember &amp; mourn but we must, must, must #HonorThemWithAction in every community, city &amp; state. Have the hard conversation today about #GunViolence in America. Dont put it off. Tell the story of #Pulse. https://t.co/Q439wkK2mL
The fact that a bipartisan group of senators came together this quickly is a testament to how bad the Trump administration's ZTE deal is and how we will not shy away from holding the president's feet to the fire when it comes to keeping his promise to be tough on China.
By including this provision to undo the ZTE deal in the defense bill, the Senate is saying loudly and in a bipartisan fashion that @realDonaldTrump is dead wrong to back off on ZTE.
.@SenateMajLdr has shown he’s willing to confirm a judge over the objection of one home state Senator, but he will erase a fine &amp; noble tradition of bipartisanship &amp; consultation if he schedules a vote &amp; confirms a judge opposed by both Senators, like Bounds.
Bounds is also controversial &amp; had some rather offensive writings that he failed to disclose to the bipartisan Judicial Advisory Committee established by @RonWyden &amp; @SenJeffMerkley, yet despite the opposition of BOTH OR senators, the Majority is moving forward with Bounds’ nom.
Farr has spent a lengthy legal career defending the interests of corps against their workers. He 2x defended the GOP's gerrymandering of congressional districts &amp; defended NC’s restrictive voter ID law, which “targeted African Americans with almost surgical precision.”
In the next few weeks, the Senate is likely to take up two highly controversial judicial nominees: Thomas Farr for the Eastern District of North Carolina and Ryan Bounds for a Ninth Circuit seat in Oregon.
In today’s decision, the #SCOTUS seemingly ignores the rights of the eligible voters who will be denied the right to vote in future elections simply because they chose not to vote in the past.
When Congress passed the NVRA, a balance between was struck between the desire to make it as easy as possible for eligible voters to cast ballots and the need for States to maintain accurate voter rolls.
Democracy suffers when laws make it harder for U.S. Citizens to vote. This decision is dangerous and damaging and is NOT why we passed the National Voter Registration Act in ‘93. In fact, this goes completely against the spirit of the law.
The right to  vote is the most sacred right we have as citizens. Aggressive voter purge systems like Ohio’s essentially make voting a “use it or lose it” privilege.
The ongoing push to disenfranchise American voters, led by the Trump administration and its allies at the state and local level, received a big boost from the #SCOTUS today. This is why elections matter. https://t.co/XzchYbpB9J
One of many reasons small business owners, and all Americans, should make sure their representatives are fighting to #SaveTheInternet. #NetNeutrality https://t.co/O2nuWjaWf9
Every Republican who opposed this vote will own any and all of the damaging consequences of the FCC’s horribly misguided decision.
It's now as clear as day to every American that w/the exception of 3 @SenateGOP mbrs, their GOP reps in the Congress chose to protect special interests &amp; the biggest corps over middle-class families, avg consumers, entrepreneurs &amp; anyone who relies on the free &amp; open internet.
That’s exactly why the entire Senate Democratic caucus sent a letter last week urging @SpeakerRyan to schedule a vote immediately to #SaveTheInternet. https://t.co/3nDVGUg0mx
By refusing to bring up the Senate-passed, bipartisan resolution to restore #NetNeutrality House GOP leaders gave a green light to the big ISPs to charge middle-class Americans, small business owners, schools, rural Americans, and communities of color more to use the internet.
Over the past couple of weeks, we have lost some very well-known people, near and dear to so many in New York, but in the past year, we have lost tens-of-thousands of lives to suicide in this country. 45,000 to be exact. One is too many. 45,000 demands action. Read more: https://t.co/14q2710DT5
Statistics show that if we can reach troubled people before, even in the midst of suicide ideation, there is a good chance they can be helped. 

We must do better. https://t.co/YZCnorkLhv
Are we executing Putin’s diplomatic and national security strategy or AMERICA’s diplomatic and national security strategy? After the last few days, it’s hard to tell.
.@realDonaldTrump, let me take a second to update my numbers.  Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation has now either indicted or secured guilty pleas from 20 people and three companies. Five of these people, including three former Trump aides, have already pleaded guilty. https://t.co/5zZuq8288w
Yet again the Trump Admin is sabotaging your health care. We’re urging @realDonaldTrump &amp; @TheJusticeDept to reverse course immediately &amp; stand up for the protections the American people rely on. Our letter: https://t.co/USa4XlS4D1
Readmitting Russia to the G-7 would reward Vladimir Putin for actions the U.S. and its allies have condemned, and would clearly be contrary to America’s interests. The president’s foreign policy decision making seems to become more erratic every day. https://t.co/y44JhesqCS
The president’s support for inviting Russia back into the G-7, just after they meddled in the election to support his campaign, will leave millions of Americans with serious questions and suspicions.
We need the president to be able to distinguish between our allies and adversaries, and to treat each accordingly. On issue after issue, he’s failed to do that.
.@realDonaldTrump is turning our foreign policy into an international joke, doing lasting damage to our country, without any rhyme or reason.
A little less tweeting, a little more preparing for the summit. Our points are important ones that should be considered. https://t.co/HjByfXesAj
The Trump administration once again is allowing premiums to go up and middle class Americans to pay more. The ACA is the law of the land and DOJ should defend it.
With ICBMs and nuclear warheads in the hands of North Korea, the situation is far too dangerous for seat of the pants negotiating. https://t.co/s1EtN48tvv
We passed our #NetNeutrality CRA in the Senate, &amp; @SenateDems are still in the fight. Today we wrote to @SpeakerRyan to let him know the clock is ticking &amp; it's past time he let the House vote to #savetheinternet: https://t.co/8eUSDe4m2g https://t.co/RuXg3370IM
Today @SenateDems urged @SpeakerRyan to put middle-class families over special interests &amp; vote on the bipartisan Senate-passed #NetNeutrality bill. Time is ticking Mr. Speaker; let's #SaveTheInternet. https://t.co/sKmViLKB1R
The time has come to decriminalize marijuana. It’s simply the right thing to do. https://t.co/uVJIyzVedt
.@realDonaldTrump should be aiming his trade fire at China, but instead he inexplicably aims it at allies like Canada, Mexico and Europe. When it comes to China, despite his tough talk, this deal with ZTE proves the president just shoots blanks. https://t.co/Kaqf3KfKbN
It is clear to me that we need an all-of-the-above approach to safety, so I am urging @USDOT &amp; @ENERGY to finally publish &amp; finalize standards that will stabilize highly explosive crude oil before shipping it through Upstate New York.
https://t.co/cP5oddItRV
“If the facts are against you, argue the law. If the law is against you, argue the facts. If the law and the facts are against you, pound the table and yell like hell.” -Carl Sandburg https://t.co/KuxihoXADX
It would not have been decided in our favor if not for the American troops, grizzled veterans &amp; fresh faced recruits, who, on that fateful morning 74 years ago, “laid so costly a sacrifice upon the altar of freedom.” Let us never forget them. #DDay74
#DDay was a turning point in a war that determined the outcome of human freedom in the 20th Century.
Today we give thanks for the brave men who gave their lives that day to break Hitler’s hold on Europe, and their comrades who sustained the long march that liberated a continent and ended the Nazi menace.
74 yrs ago, Allied forces conducted the largest seaborne invasion in human history. At stake were not only the lives of hundreds of thousands of American sailors, pilots, infantry &amp;paratroopers, as well as Canadian &amp;English forces, but the future of Europe &amp;the cause of freedom.
Little has changed in Brooklyn, maybe the languages spoken, but parents are still working hard &amp; encouraging their children to do even better. We have to remember that this #ImmigrantHeritageMonth. Our country has always welcomed immigrants. It’s who we are.
This month we #CelebrateImmigrants and share our own stories. For me, that starts in Brooklyn where my whole block was first-, second-, &amp; third-generation Italian, Irish and Jewish Americans. Our parents worked hard &amp; they taught us to study hard in school.
Folks were already paying too much for health care, in the form of premiums, out-of-pocket expenses, &amp; the eye-popping cost of prescription drugs. Now that all of those costs are going up, I urge the GOP to use August to fix it. More: https://t.co/0vnuL1k3f8
How about healthcare, Mr. President? https://t.co/iuYGPXLV6Y
As the Trustees’ report shows, the #GOPTaxScam is already robbing &amp; weakening Medicare &amp; Social Security to cover tax breaks for the wealthy &amp; biggest corps. Despite @realDonaldTrump's campaign promises, the GOP policies will strip away the benefits America’s seniors earned. https://t.co/97iV05glYs
If these reports are true, @realDonaldTrump has put China, not the United States, first. By letting ZTE off the hook, the president who roared like a lion is governing like a lamb when it comes to China. Congress should move in a bipartisan fashion to block this deal right away. https://t.co/ehRxD8b8bl
More #healthcare premium increases today in PA. Thankfully, PA took action to mitigate Trump-GOP sabotage, but premiums are still too high. @realDonaldTrump &amp; the GOP must work with us to lower costs instead of constant sabotage.
.@SenateGOP, let's seize the month of August &amp; fight these rate hikes. We assume @realDonaldTrump will join us given the pain his policies have caused the middle class, particularly on health care.
More time to work in August? We welcome it so we can work on an issue weighing on the pockets of American families: health care. More on our plan LIVE: https://t.co/bRkPnB11rO https://t.co/FCnZCOMxFA
Blatantly false. This is a direct result of the @realDonaldTrump administration’s policies. Only he can and MUST end this barbaric policy. https://t.co/JFNaYTy1N8
If there was “NO COLLUSION” why won't he sit down with the Special Counsel? What is he afraid of? Is he afraid of the American people learning about why three people on his campaign have already pleaded guilty, including his former National Security Advisor? https://t.co/rvZ9nlSRc9
Today @SenatorMenendez and I urged the Trump administration to do just that and to make sure any deal they reach with #NorthKorea meets five key principles:
https://t.co/1WiM1w6gem
After weeks of on-again off-again from the Trump administration on the North Korea summit, now that it's back on, @realDonaldTrump needs to be willing to walk away from the table if there isn’t a good deal to be had or to take the time to construct a good deal.
Child Protective Specialists are first responders for NYC children. This week, join @ACSNYC &amp; so many of us in recognizing those on the front lines protecting children &amp; supporting families. Learn more about #CPSAppreciationWeek: https://t.co/ldDsD9Oiof
Standing on #LongIsland today revealing a very bad idea by the @IRSnews to potentially close one of only two offices that serve 3M ppl. Plan would tax local pockets (gas to travel 70, 80 miles) and patience. Not on my watch! https://t.co/dd3ZitX9nR
Mr. President - you are 0 for 2 on the Constitution this morning. https://t.co/VMkzfaJdpI
Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation has either indicted or secured guilty pleas from 19 people and three companies. Five of these people, including three former Trump aides, have already pleaded guilty. https://t.co/45vAuWZbPb
You don’t have to be an economist to understand that scrapping plans to increase the fuel efficiency of our cars will force us all to shell out even more and more money for gas down the road. https://t.co/z4Wx2UNgoA
Remember, there were at least 75 contacts, including 22 meetings, throughout the election and transition, between Trump associates and individuals linked to the Russian government.
Special Counsel Mueller is a career prosecutor &amp; law enforcement officer focused on getting to bottom of Russia’s meddling in our elections &amp; any possible collusion with your campaign &amp; a hostile foreign government. https://t.co/0PyIl6Pvvg
It would be a shame if the Trump administration used this as an excuse to back off on China. They’re the real problem hurting our economy. https://t.co/Zvi4t9tXft
The Trump Administration’s just-proposed decision against raising mileage for US vehicles to over 50 miles/gallon will further contribute to increased costs for average drivers. States ought to resist.
This would be a valid legal argument — if our government were a dictatorship. Fortunately, we are a government of laws, not men. And in America, no one is above the law, including the president. https://t.co/yxtu9HUUkz
Separating young children from their mothers is inhumane. There must be a swift and thorough investigation of this wrong-headed policy. There are far more humane ways to protect the border. #FamiliesBelongTogether
Mueller’s work is that of a career prosecutor and law enforcement officer who is squarely focused on getting to bottom of Russia’s meddling in our elections and any possible collusion with your campaign and a hostile foreign government. https://t.co/z4Gb5j4Rm1
It’s #GunViolenceAwarenessMonth and this year I know our voices are stronger than ever. #WearOrange today, and speak out everyday; that’s how we’ll change this country and save lives. https://t.co/4JVR02wjkW
This month we celebrate #Pride, not just by marching, but by coming together, just as we have so many times before, and standing up for our fellow Americans who live their lives in fear. We won't stop fighting for you. We won't stop making history. https://t.co/o99JttrfDZ
All of us who want to see a strong American economy hope that the actions yesterday won’t be used by the Trump administration as an excuse to back off on China - the number one predator when it comes to trade.
Special Counsel Mueller has indicted or secured guilty pleas from four former Trump advisers, 13 Russian nationals, three Russian companies, one California man, and one London-based lawyer. https://t.co/Pk5KURmDpa
Rather than working in a bipartisan way to improve health care, the Trump administration &amp; Republicans in Congress have made the system worse, saddling families in Rhode Island &amp; across the country with higher health care costs.
Another state, another set of higher rates because of the Trump administration’s sabotage of our health care system. https://t.co/SGZjW90Q91
Virginia is now the latest example that Democrats are fighting for health care and winning. Will 2018 be the year Republicans finally get the message and stop trying to repeal the ACA? https://t.co/LNiBIfazb8
We’ve struck a chord: the hard right goes hysterical when Dems hold @realDonaldTrump accountable on rising gas prices. Where were they in 2012, when Trump said "Gas prices are at crazy levels - fire Obama!" ? https://t.co/doqJufTTYJ
.@realDonaldTrump tweets he didn't fire Comey over the Russia investigation.
Let's go to the videotape: https://t.co/VXIjcrBSwY
👀 https://t.co/erVjsJGPYo
And with that, a Republican Congressman brings an end to @realDonaldTrump’s false conspiracy theory. https://t.co/2WaTpOTciQ
This devastating new study indicates what many had already feared about the scale of the death toll in Puerto Rico, and the inadequacy of the response for our fellow Americans in need. https://t.co/rq8Ug1pQC5
While obviously more details are needed, this outline represents the kind of actions we have needed to take for a long time, but the president must stick with it and not bargain it away.
.@realDonaldTrump has the potential to do more to correct China’s unfair trade policies than any president has had, but he must be strong, tough and consistent.
And don’t forget: There were at least 75 contacts, including 22 meetings, throughout the election and transition, between Trump associates and individuals linked to the Russian government. The president and his associates have also lied about every single one.
Mueller’s work is that of a career prosecutor and law enforcement officer who is squarely focused on getting to bottom of Russia’s meddling in our elections and any possible collusion with your campaign and a hostile foreign government.
These defendants are facing a combined 75 criminal charges, ranging from alleged conspiracy against the United States, bank fraud &amp; tax violations to lying to FBI investigators and identity fraud.
Five of these people (including three former Trump aides) have already pleaded guilty.
The group is composed of four former Trump advisers, 13 Russian nationals, three Russian companies, one California man, and one London-based lawyer.
.@realDonaldTrump- Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation has either indicted or secured guilty pleas from 19 people and three companies — that we know of. https://t.co/rPvdcbKKhe
After marching in the Little Neck- Douglaston parade, Mom and I had #MemorialDay dinner at Greek Islands restaurant with Dad, a WWII veteran who’ll turn 95 on Flag Day, God willing. https://t.co/ykep6r1FPh
Memo to the press: When you quote the president saying “spygate,” it is only fair to immediately follow that by noting there is absolutely no evidence of a spy being inserted in his campaign. It seems to me, failure to do so is a disservice to your readers, viewers &amp; the country.
The Mueller Investigation so far: 19 indictments and three guilty pleas. https://t.co/IjOzxKYi2P
This #MemorialDay we offer deep and abiding gratitude for the men and women in the armed services who gave their last full measure of devotion in defense of our nation and our freedoms. Thank you. https://t.co/5Fqnu2W5N0
I hate repeating myself Mr. President, but let me remind you again: Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation has either indicted or secured guilty pleas from 19 people and three companies — that we know of. https://t.co/OOb5mfy1dR
Mr. President - Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation has either indicted or secured guilty pleas from 19 people and three companies — that we know of. https://t.co/U9jXK5N3pv
Congrats &amp; good luck to the Albany Capitals Youth Hockey Team as you travel to Russia to represent the #USA in the Eurochem Cup. Thank you for representing our great state of #NY and the #USA! 🇺🇸🏒 https://t.co/XlUyewB9ZD
Simply put, this incinerator is wrong for the Finger Lakes- and I will fight tooth and nail to ensure that this trash incinerator is snuffed out in its tracks. https://t.co/9T6sicT4lI
Across the country, Webster and Monroe County included, e-cig usage at schools is spiking. Candy-flavored e-cigarettes are getting our kids addicted, and it's got to stop--now. The FDA has got to step in. https://t.co/GSjSW84m2a
If the administration goes through with this reported deal, President Trump would be helping make China great again.  Would be a huge victory for President Xi, and a dramatic retreat by Pres Trump. Both parties in Congress should come together to stop this deal in its tracks. https://t.co/v6qNNa2MBy
No lunch hour in Buffalo is complete without a stop at @CharlieTButcher for a beef on weck. #Buffalove https://t.co/eL9qZPJNjq
More fantasies from @realDonaldTrump. No evidence of spying, here is our statement: https://t.co/3QPn7WN0H9 https://t.co/MmzCFvvw9G
Nothing we heard today has changed our view that there is no evidence to support any allegation that the @FBI or any intelligence agency placed a ‘spy’ in the Trump Campaign, or otherwise failed to follow appropriate procedures and protocols.
Today’s Gang of Eight briefing was conducted to ensure protection of sources and methods.
.@NancyPelosi @MarkWarner @RepAdamSchiff &amp; I released the following statement today after the Gang of Eight briefing with @TheJusticeDept:
I am proud to stand with Americans coast to coast this #EMSweek in honoring our EMTs, paramedics, EMS professionals and volunteers who help preserve God's most precious gift: life. #EMSWeek2018
What mind-bending hypocrisy. Now that he’s President, @realDonaldTrump proposes rescinding the same funding Congress passed to help w/ the Ebola crisis in 2014. God forbid this funding were rescinded &amp; Ebola outbreaks re-emerged, it would actually be Trump’s fault. https://t.co/smpJzSBFu9
Rep Nunes, the architect of this sham briefing, no longer deserves the benefit of the doubt. He lost all claims to objectivity w/ his ridiculous latenight charade at the White House &amp; his conduct on the House Intel Cmte, culminating in a doc of innuendo &amp; whitewashing. #NunesMemo
Many of us feared that the summit between @POTUS &amp; Kim Jong-Un would be a great show that produced nothing enduring. If a summit is to be reconstituted, the US must show strength &amp; achieve a concrete, verifiable, enduring elimination of Kim Jong-Un’s nuclear capabilities.
While it's a good thing that the Gang of Eight will be briefed, the separate meeting w/ a known partisan whose only intent is to undermine the Mueller investigation makes no sense &amp; should be called off. What is the point of the separate briefing if not to cause partisan trouble?
As soon as the Trump administration ends their sabotage, Democrats stand ready to work in a bipartisan way to make health care more affordable for the American people.
To boot, the new @USCBO report says the Trump admin’s expansion of #junkplans will leave millions more Americans susceptible to denied coverage &amp; medical bankruptcy, all while the big drug companies &amp; major corporate executives reap the lion’s share of the #GOPTaxScam’s benefit.
.@USCBO just confirmed that the Trump-GOP sabotage of our healthcare system is causing premiums to rise for millions of Americans – period.  https://t.co/1mZHQL755q
The only thing more outrageous than this meeting occurring at all is the fact that it’s partisan. Even @realDonaldTrump’s Republican allies say that excluding Democrats is wrong. https://t.co/Wyn8BBbxUP
Too many families continue being separated by the Trump administration’s destructive immigration policies. We must put an end to this now. #KeepFamiliesTogether https://t.co/ORKezuUGeB
The American people can be assured that Special Counsel Mueller's investigation will not be blown off course by this hurricane of right-wing lies and intimidation.
Special Counsel Mueller will not be deterred. He is going to see this investigation through to its natural conclusion, follow the facts wherever they lead. That’s how it's gone so far, &amp; it’s resulted in dozens of indictments &amp; several guilty pleas of top Trump campaign officials
Today @NancyPelosi &amp; I will be sending a letter to Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein &amp; FBI Director Wray later today to request they reconsider holding a meeting at all, and if they do move forward, to do so in a bipartisan fashion, with the Gang of 8.
For the President of the United States to pressure the Justice Department to reveal details and documents pertaining to an active investigation of the President’s campaign, for the purpose of denigrating it, is a gross and unprecedented abuse of power.
Read more about what @realDonaldTrump could be doing to lower #GasPrices via @timesunion:  https://t.co/num0p0OFkJ
Not just in DC, all across the country people are paying more at the⛽️. Watch👇 https://t.co/i5pR8ZCCtq
Here are 7 things @realDonaldTrump could do to bring down your gas costs -- read @SenatorCantwell @SenMarkey @SenatorMenendez &amp; my letter asking him to help you save this summer: https://t.co/z113B9yrrS https://t.co/cNuRWwNgBD
Are your costs going down? Even @GoldmanSachs says they’re not, noting: rising #GasPrices “should roughly cancel out the 2018 consumption boost from tax cuts &amp; is particularly large on the lower end of the income distribution.”
Are you creeping along on fumes because #GasPrices are so high? I'll join @SenatorCantwell @SenatorMenendez &amp; @SenMarkey to push @POTUS to start fighting for lower gas prices for hardworking Americans LIVE in a few minutes: https://t.co/1xHPApFyIr
Shamefully, the current system doesn’t do enough to protect victims &amp; hold perpetrators of workplace harassment accountable. I commend @SenAmyKlobuchar &amp; @RoyBlunt for coming together to protect staff &amp; others from harassment, &amp; am confident the Senate will pass their bill. https://t.co/GY1vPhlHGA
At Rockaway Beach we need to see shovels in the ground to build jetties, replenish sand, reinforce the seawall and more- not signs saying beach closed! Calling on Army Corps to hold public meeting and lock in a hard deadline for rebuilding our beaches!
El gran valor que los maestros representan para nuestra sociedad debería reflejarse en sus salarios, por eso hemos concebido un plan que le ofrece a los maestros de nuestra nación #UnMejorTrato

https://t.co/phJiZbGeKt
With this proposal, @realDonaldTrump is standing right between millions of American women  &amp; their doctors. I encourage all who stand up for women’s rights to submit comments to HHS in opposition of this dangerous proposal &amp; make their voices heard. https://t.co/sHAbR4S65N
This is who Democrats are fighting for: #ABetterDeal https://t.co/3aRYjIzW3z
Who are Democrats fighting for? Teachers and students. #ABetterDeal https://t.co/fSO6aDjm1m
Today we remember the great Harvey Milk, who grew up on Long Island and graduated from @ualbany before becoming a visionary of the LGBTQ rights movement as an openly gay member of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors, and a civil rights icon in the process. #HarveyMilkDay https://t.co/GuRyt3YT4j
The only thing more outrageous than this meeting occurring at all is the fact that it’s now partisan. It is crystal clear that Chairman Nunes’ intent is to interfere with the investigation, and @SpeakerRyan is allowing it to happen. https://t.co/vuMelocctF
Instead of giving a tax cut the richest Americans, we should give a pay raise to the teachers in this country, who our students depend on to succeed – period. Let's give teachers #ABetterDeal: https://t.co/DxvRVnLhiA
"This is a really wonderfully crafted agenda and anyone, Democrat or Republican alike, who says they believe in teaching and learning and our kids' future, must support this agenda." -@rweingarten from @AFTunion on Democrats #ABetterDeal proposal
"We are here to serve America's children, we simply want to raise our own families too." -@NEAToday's @Lily_NEA on why America's teachers need #ABetterDeal. https://t.co/Ifetsu9xpV
Public education allows every American, no matter their means, to secure a decent living for themselves and their family. That's what Horace Mann was talking about — the American Dream. And education is the cornerstone. Read more: https://t.co/10vcHXmFa0 #ABetterDeal https://t.co/5b62H4Gf8o
We're live now: https://t.co/LIhFTBVXBV
So today, we're unveiling #ABetterDeal plan that will make sure teachers' pay matches the work they are do for our children and our society. Learn more: https://t.co/10vcHXmFa0
I had great teachers in Brooklyn's public schools, and they were the fabric of our community. But for the past twenty years teachers’ pay has been falling behind, making it harder for teachers to stay in the middle class. That's not right; we know teachers deserve #ABetterDeal.
In TN, only 1% of people say that public school teachers are paid too much – 77% say they're not paid enough. I think you'll find most Americans -no matter what state they're from- agree, our teachers deserve #ABetterDeal:  https://t.co/kgX7xJzedd
We're standing by America's teachers. They deserve #ABetterDeal. https://t.co/QP7tkQUEyj
Starting soon: @SenateDems &amp; @HouseDemocrats will unveil our plan to invest in teacher pay, modern classrooms, special ed and low-income schools, and pay for it all. Learn more LIVE: https://t.co/QOCseharg5
I urge the White House to take Kim off the coin. Challenge coins are a time honored tradition and certainly appropriate in this situation, but Kim Jong Un’s face has no place on this coin. He is a brutal dictator and something like the Peace House would be much more appropriate. https://t.co/ZHUKVqW7yN
.@realDonaldTrump stick to your instincts when it comes to ZTE. 

Putting our nat'l security at risk for minor trade concessions is the definition of short-sighted. Frankly, this is exactly the type of deal you'd have called "weak” or “the worst deal ever" before you were @POTUS.
If these reports are true, the fines and board change will do nothing to protect American national or economic security and are simply a diversion from the fact we have lost. President Xi has played President Trump and Secretary Mnuchin for knaves. https://t.co/LMNZnmAtdu
President Trump campaigned on draining the swamp, but it's never been more foul than under this president. Democrats have a plan to change that. We can finally #draintheswamp and we can do it with #ABetterDeal for Our Democracy. 

More here:  https://t.co/6yo77TEK6v
The National Flood Insurance Program provides vital protection for Long Islanders and coastal communities.  Today in Lindenhurst, I joined residents to demand Congress extend NFIP and implement reforms that better protect homeowners from failure to pay out when disaster strikes. https://t.co/jBlnCi9S52
Big congrats to everyone graduating from @FarmingdaleSC today! So proud of you and this tremendous achievement—Go Rams! https://t.co/1lIUjaXCqH
Congressional Democrats have pushed for strong anti-currency manipulation &amp; anti-dumping legislation, even when our President did not agree.
I've always said, when it comes to being tough on China trade, I'm closer to Trump than Obama/Bush. But POTUS/his team have to be strong &amp; not sell out for a temporary purchase of goods without fixing the real issue: stealing our IP, which costs us millions of jobs long-term. https://t.co/D3nVHXbd1f
.@MarkWarner’s statement here is on the money and a severe warning to right wing Republican Congressmen who are trying to obstruct Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation and could be coming close to crossing a legal line. https://t.co/uEK0GoXtKJ
All this so that Republicans can continue their war against Planned Parenthood and women’s reproductive rights.
With this decision, President Trump is standing right between millions of American women and their doctors. Restricting which doctors and health care providers can get these vital funds will prevent far too many women from getting the medical care that they deserve.
.@realDonaldTrump: Don’t let Pres. Xi play you. Trading some short-term purchases of American goods &amp; giving up on China’s theft of American intellectual property (which are our family jewels that will create millions of good paying jobs) is the art of a bad deal. Stand strong.
I’m so saddened to hear of yet another school day upended by a horrific act violence. I pray for the families of the victims and all those affected. https://t.co/SjUR9rxpqG
As Democrats and many experts predicted, corporate executives and wealthy shareholders are reaping the benefits of the tax law at a never-before-seen rate, while workers and middle-class families are left largely in the dust.
The rate at which corporations are buying back their own stock and padding the wallets of wealthy investors and executives is eye-popping, but not surprising. This record surge is proof positive that the GOP tax law was a scam for the rich.  https://t.co/WsUezk4SA3
Two weeks ago, I stood with @juulers in #NYC and urged the @US_FDA to further crackdown on e-cig companies targeting kids. Today, they have heeded the call and we thank them. There is more to do. I will have a NEW update next week.  
https://t.co/OiWOKYreUe
Today is a good day to remember that the Special Counsel’s investigation is serious, nonpartisan &amp; critical to the integrity of our democracy. It must be allowed to proceed, without political interference or intimidation &amp; follow all facts in pursuit of the unvarnished truth.
When distortions, lies, intimidation come repeatedly from the other side &amp; that becomes accepted, our democracy is at risk. What we've seen from the president &amp; some of his allies make you worried about the future of this democracy. But I have firm belief they will not succeed.
It’s not a witch hunt when Democrats and Republicans agree with the Intelligence Community that Russia interfered in our election to aid President Trump.
It’s not a witch hunt when some of the most senior members of the Trump campaign have been indicted.
It’s not a witch hunt when 17 Russians have been indicted. https://t.co/yKSkNOtcpT
His investigation has already yielded multiple indictments and guilty pleas, 
and yet, again this morning, @realDonaldTrump called the investigation a “disgusting, illegal, and unwarranted witch hunt…the greatest witch hunt in American history.” https://t.co/ejlaHWxMbJ
#OTD one year ago, former FBI-Director Robert Mueller was appointed to lead the FBI’s investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election.
Yesterday was a good day for the future of the internet, but now @HouseGOP must take up the bipartisan #NetNeutrality resolution. The American people have spoken &amp; @SpeakerRyan should bring this up for a vote immediately. I hope he will.
When all of our great-great-grandparents came to America they weren’t “animals,” and these people aren’t either.
Could not have done it without you @TechNYC — On to the next battlefield! https://t.co/paqwbcrO0W
Thank you, thank you to all the advocates, business leaders &amp; everyday working Americans who made their voices heard on #NetNeutrality. This was a true grassroots effort, millions of people emailed, called, wrote, &amp; did all they could  - we heard you &amp; we wont give up the fight. https://t.co/pOwMpgsPAn
Could not agree more - we should be doing all we can for NY's farmers! #drinkNYmilk https://t.co/urFxowEc4m
👏👏👏 https://t.co/OnLeHB1J58
Did you read this? It's spot on. @realDonaldTrump has repeatedly talked like a populist, but governed like a plutocrat. On prescription drugs, it’s no different. https://t.co/AC9c5BtDeU
With North Korea threatening to cancel the summit over our joint military exercises with the South, I strongly urge @realDonaldTrump: Don’t give Kim Jong-Un anything for free. We must be strong, and we must be resolute – this exercise should move forward.
Today is the day - if you haven't reached out to your Senators, get on it! I've gotten hundreds &amp; thousands of calls &amp; emails asking me to #SaveTheInternet &amp; vote yes in support of today's #NetNeutrality vote.  To learn more about what you can do, visit: https://t.co/xDbFCIeMXR
Despite Oregon’s action to mitigate some of the damaging effects of this Trump-GOP sabotage, Republicans still won’t be able to skirt ownership of the skyrocketing health care costs in this country.
The fact of the matter is that, like other states, Oregon’s rates do not need to be this high, but Republicans chose to systemically dismantle the American health care system - instead of working with Democrats to improve it - and now middle-class families are feeling the pinch.
Another state, another needless spike in health care premiums for middle-class families because of Trump-GOP sabotage.  https://t.co/7QuZbrkrGB
Our country is divided enough already, we don't need this. https://t.co/GyKDuxhYx9
So I'm asking: Are you better off today than the day @realDonaldTrump became president? Most people aren't. Costs are going up and so many of his promises just aren't being fulfilled.
What else? There has been no “bill of love” for the #Dreamers. The President never stood up to the NRA. There is no check from Mexico for a border wall.
Did he #DraintheSwamp? Nope. @realDonaldTrump filled the federal govt with industry lobbyists &amp; rich execs with sprawling conflicts of interest. His cabinet secretaries have enjoyed luxuries on the taxpayers’ dime. And his Administration hardly even vets its candidates.
Even on trade, where @realDonaldTrump &amp; I mostly agree on policy, he hasn’t delivered. After talking a big game on China, promising to be very tough, this weekend the president completely backed off.
How about #infrastructure? @realDonaldTrump promised a $3 trillion infrastructure bill to build gleaming new roads, bridges &amp; tunnels. It took him over a year to propose a detailed infrastructure plan &amp; when he did, it wasn’t even close to a trillion. And it’s gone nowhere.
.@realDonaldTrump promised his tax bill would be a middle-class miracle – instead, the #GOPTaxScam was mostly a giveaway to corporations and the wealthy. Already, we’re seeing higher premiums and rising gas prices eat away at any meager tax benefit middle-class families received.
.@realDonaldTrump promised to protect Medicaid and Medicare from cuts and then proposed cutting both of those programs. Just recently, the President backed off a commitment to let Medicare negotiate lower prices for prescriptions drugs.
.@realDonaldTrump promised the American people a better health care system -- better quality at lower prices. As premiums jump double digits in state after state, it’s clear he hasn’t delivered on that promise.
THREAD: Millions of Americans voted for @realDonaldTrump because they expected him to deliver, and millions who didn’t vote for him need him to deliver – when is he going to come through for them? Think about it:
To all those lost in the line of duty, especially the 74 officers from NY whose names will be added to the @NLEOMF Memorial - including 4 who lost their lives just this past year. My heart is with their families this week. #PoliceWeek2018 https://t.co/FAIruioP3Q
Read about Sgt Henry Johnson’s bravery and heroism by visiting: https://t.co/90rFkfuBqb https://t.co/Mi28r3eoXR
Today - 100 years after the Battle of Henry Johnson – we remember and celebrate a son of Albany and a hero of WWI who was denied the Medal of Honor for almost a century. Thank you, Sgt. Johnson. https://t.co/mr195jUU2B
The craze among kids for e-cig flavors like whipped cream, candy &amp; cookies is not only a bad trend, but a recipe for disaster that’s fueling an outright addiction that appears to be getting worse. Was in Cuse today calling for swift action from the feds. 

https://t.co/SqLCIuzmZ5 https://t.co/sVcITUCVY9
Just heard news that @FLOTUS underwent surgery today. Sincere wishes for her speedy recovery.
Spoken to family and it seems @SenatorReid's operation went well. We are all praying for dear Harry’s speedy recovery.
Why does @realDonaldTrump want to make China great again? https://t.co/5yncieNYEd
Unfortunately, instead of working in a bipartisan fashion to improve our healthcare system, Republicans have chosen to take full ownership of rising healthcare costs by actively making the problem worse.
The truth is that rates did not need to be this high in VT, but the Trump administration and Republicans in Congress are so hell-bent on undermining our healthcare system to the detriment of middle-class families.
Once again, insurers are explicitly saying that absent GOP sabotage, rates would be lower &amp; health insurance much more affordable for Vermont families. 

https://t.co/yJcLLQjkvu https://t.co/xCbL3lpz3S
It was yrs in the making, but today @MayorMadden &amp; I kicked off the Troy Seawall Reconstruction Project to protect the Hudson River waterfront by preventing future flood damage AND increase economic investment in the waterfront and the entire Troy community! https://t.co/Et40oWcUqt
This leads to the greatest worry, which is that the president will back off on what China fears most – a crackdown on intellectual property theft – in exchange for buying some goods in the short run. That’s a bad deal if there ever was one.
The toughest thing we could do, the thing that will move China the most, is taking tough action against actors like ZTE. But before it’s even implemented, the president backs off.
One of the few areas where @realDonaldTrump and I agreed, and I was vocally supportive, was his approach towards China. But even here he is backing off, and his policy is now designed to achieve one goal: make China great again. https://t.co/HBSlIKB6Xi
It’s official. We will have a vote on our CRA to save #NetNeutrality this Wednesday. You have 3 days to make your voices heard and help get #OneMoreVote! https://t.co/kQcOhb83VV
How about helping some American companies first? https://t.co/S1t2cQ4dwJ
Happy #MothersDay to my mom Selma and to all mothers and grandmothers celebrating today! To learn more about Democrats' plans to help moms, parents and families, visit https://t.co/fXalXutIvH https://t.co/xzRPbiYB5L
Quick lunch stop between graduation ceremonies around Rochester - only @Wegmans will do! https://t.co/5H3kjA7Uv8
Democrats have offered #ABetterDeal on prescription drugs through true transparency, Medicare Part D negotiation, and a cop on the beat to police and stop exorbitant price hikes. We hope the president will get tough on the rising cost of drugs, and work with us on real solutions.
.@realDonaldTrump offered little more than window dressing to combat the rising cost of drugs – a problem that is pinching the pocketbook of far too many Americans.
Unfortunately, the president’s proposal hardly puts patients first. The idea that asking Germany to charge their citizens more for drugs will help Americans is a cop-out and the height of absurdity that nobody believes.
Candidate Trump pledged to take on drug companies to help lower prescription drug prices, but President Trump hasn’t done that. Instead he used the #GOPTaxScam to line CEOs pockets while prices continue to rise. That's NOT #ABetterDeal.  https://t.co/fXalXutIvH
Los estadounidenses sufren de los precios de medicamentos recetados más altos del mundo. En promedio, los estadounidenses pagan más de $850 cada año en medicamentos recetados en contraste con un promedio de $400 en otras 19 naciones industrializadas. Ellos necesitan #UnMejorTrato https://t.co/WrdbG5QlQg
Americans suffer from the highest prescription drug costs in the developed world. On average, Americans pay over $850 a year on prescription drugs compared to an average of $400 across 19 other industrialized nations. They need #ABetterDeal. https://t.co/9ZVa6uxZsP
#BeBest https://t.co/tJD74gSiin
Thanks for all your hard work--the grounds always look amazing! https://t.co/8GiPkLicmW
This vote will allow senators to show once and for all where everyone stands on #NetNeutrality. We hope that we can make this bipartisan &amp; our GOP colleagues will join us in standing up on behalf of average consumers &amp; middle class families. https://t.co/HfvqDhcAsH
Happening today: @SenMarkey's @reddit_AMA at 2:30pm on our fight to get #OneMoreVote for #NetNeutrality https://t.co/jRHKD7FfS5
Do you have @Tinder? I don't, but if you do you'll see their new banner encouraging users to write to their Senator to vote to save #NetNeutrality! https://t.co/ZaesCRAKb0
What’s with the🚨🚨🚨? We’re days away from a vote to save #NetNeutrality and help keep the internet free and open for students, innovators and small business owners alike! Can you help us lock in one more Senator’s support? https://t.co/oO4ZX52VGg
When the Republican-led FCC voted to repeal #NetNeutrality in December, they handed the large Internet Service Providers all the cards. They said do what you will with the internet.  We're LIVE any minute with our plan to fight back &amp; #SaveTheInternet 
https://t.co/i5YezOIGhe https://t.co/J5potNEr4h
Today, @SenateDems are officially filing the petition that allows us to force a vote on the Senate floor to save #NetNeutrality. We need #OneMoreVote from a Senator, so ask yours: Whose side are you on? https://t.co/yEsMKAUO6q
Today our daughter Jessica and son-in-law Shappy announced she is pregnant. Very proud - we are going to become grandparents at last!!
We need to stand together and remain committed to providing safe and affordable housing. #CutsHurt #OurVoicesOurHomes
Americans should not have to choose between feeding their families and housing them. With rising rents and little to no changes on paychecks, too many families are struggling to make ends meet. #CutsHurt #OurVoicesOurHomes
.@realDonaldTrump and the Republican Congress have sabotaged our health care system. Tune in today at 11:15 as @SenateDems unveil a new report on why that means rising costs for American families: https://t.co/wRxkd6tCCU https://t.co/zgjySwcZEX
Let’s be honest about this: @POTUS &amp; the GOP are looking to tear apart CHIP, hurting middle-class families &amp; low-income children, to appease the most conservative special interests &amp; feel better about blowing up the deficit to give the wealthy &amp; biggest corps huge tax breaks.
Don't miss this: https://t.co/zFRE4ejOhR
It appears that sabotaging our health care system to the detriment of middle-class families wasn’t enough for @realDonaldTrump &amp; the GOP; now they’re going after healthcare dollars millions of children rely on, especially during outbreaks of the flu &amp; other deadly illnesses.
All for the sake of a political vendetta, Republicans have sabotaged &amp; destabilized our healthcare system so severely that #Trumpcare is already heralding double-digit premium increases in states across the country.
And right now, the Trump Admin is finalizing a rule to expand the availability of #junkplans that would force higher premiums for ppl w/ pre-existing conditions, impose an “age tax” on seniors &amp; once again could subject Americans to the devastating effects of medical bankruptcy.
Meanwhile, Republicans in Congress repealed the health care coverage requirement, which the @USCBO predicted would raise premiums by 10% more each year than they would otherwise be and result in millions of more people without insurance.
Don't forget: President Trump canceled payments for the cost-sharing program, which reduces premiums and out-of-pocket expenses for low-income Americans.
Remember when @realDonaldTrump said he was going to “take care of everybody;” that he would deliver “health care that is far less expensive and far better?" He didn't just drop the ball - he &amp; Congressional Republicans sabotaged the whole system.
In 2009, @SenateMajLdr &amp; Chairman @ChuckGrassley signed a letter to Pres Obama saying “we, as a Conference, expect [Senatorial courtesy – the blue slip tradition] to be observed, even-handedly, and regardless of party affiliation.” Today, they’re singing a different tune.
My wife Iris makes great dinners. Only fair to share the leftovers. https://t.co/FGFIZwU4y3
ICYMI: America's workers are STILL waiting for the bump they were promised in the #GOPTaxScam. https://t.co/6UJDzTNeZq
The evidence just keeps piling up: the #GOPTaxScam just isn't for America's workers. Learn more: https://t.co/NEjSnC2xRe https://t.co/D4afTirgCg
@US_FDA Watch their powerful video. These kids are doing an amazing thing by trying to prevent others from falling prey to e-cig addiction just like they did. https://t.co/A44sMQYj73
New York kids have sounded the alarm on the e-cig epidemic and today they join me in a push to ensure the @US_FDA reins in kid-friendly marketing and flavors fueling the craze.
 https://t.co/NeH9THxrTd
Industrial Hemp can be used to make everything from paper, to clothing, to plastics which is why it so important we fix this outdated law as soon as possible. All good reasons why I'm cosponsoring tr bipartisan Hemp Farming Act of 2018.
In reality, industrial hemp is an oyster with a pearl of opportunities that could mean millions in economic revenue while also helping to support new local jobs, like NY's Sullivan, Orange and Ulster counties.
The federal government made a mistake when they labeled hemp as a controlled substance, putting it on par with dangerous substances like heroin. 

https://t.co/itz3lIVTv4
By explicitly attributing actions taken by the administration and Congressional Republicans, Virginia has undercut any potential spin that the GOP is not wholly responsibly for higher healthcare costs for millions.
Just like former HHS Secretary Price predicted, the proposed rate increases in Virginia are exhibit A of how the Trump Administration and Republican sabotage of our health care system will harm middle-class families in this country.
This summer, @CDCgov expects NY to once again be the #1 target for ticks. Central New York has been feeling the brunt of their bite for years, and would greatly benefit from an increase in CDC funding to head this tick season off at the pass. Time to unlock the funds now! https://t.co/kYbrq1ky1o
Big problems, like the opioid crisis, need innovative solutions. Police departments and hospitals are clammoring for help. Now, high-tech tools can detect the smallest amounts of illicit fentanyl, we just need the funds to bring that technology to places like Plattsburgh. https://t.co/7zU8YLGDbd
If you are already #smallbiz owner, think about how #NetNeutrality has helped your business &amp; what losing those protections will mean. Follow @fightfortheftr &amp; spread the word about our CRA this #SmallBusinessWeek! https://t.co/NKqUnQzlEw
Happy National #SmallBusinessWeek! Our small businesses employ 58 million Americans and 4 million of them are NYers! So if you’ve thought about starting a #smallbiz, this week is for you: https://t.co/7ttEADUJje https://t.co/7CLZl2G24B
With an increase in federal dollars, the @CDCgov can lend a hand in what has become an all-out local war against tick-borne diseases. https://t.co/SrhRdRGnRI
Mr. President, the powers of the Presidency do not give you the right to interfere with or shut down the Russia investigation. Firing the Deputy AG or Director Mueller would create a constitutional crisis. Do not go down this road. https://t.co/rqhxKFYYQC
The American people know the Trump admin is responsible for the repeated sabotage of the health care system and that Republicans in Congress prioritized destroying our current system rather than improving it, which could lead to higher costs and fewer options for quality care.
Former Secretary Price’s comments &amp; the new Commonwealth Fund study continue to remove any doubt that the GOP and the Trump administration own any &amp; all increases in health care premiums for American consumers. https://t.co/ru0K9RGG5W
This is our best chance to #SaveTheInternet. But we need #OneMoreVote to pass it. Have you asked your senators if they support @SenMarkey's #NetNeutrality CRA? https://t.co/N2exOgZNt7
Republicans will carry the burden of having blown up the deficit for years to come. They’ve really lost any credibility they had left when it comes to fiscal stewardship.
With @realDonaldTrump’s own @CommerceGov now confirming the #GOPTaxScam won’t yield 4% economic growth, it’s clear as day the Republican promise that the law would pay for itself was a ruse –  it was simply a tax scam for the rich.
That is a good first step but we have a lot of work to do to ensure the CDC initiates this extremely important research in the near future. I hope that the CDC will use some of their newly increased resources from the omnibus spending package to get this done.
I just had a very encouraging meeting with the new CDC director where he agreed there is no longer a prohibition on the CDC conducting research on the gun violence epidemic. https://t.co/ytopNnWmgJ
I applaud Chairman Grassley, Ranking Member Feinstein as well as the bill’s lead sponsors Senators Coons, Booker, Graham and Tillis for their dedication and hard work to bring this bill over the finish line in committee and ensure its core goals were preserved.
Given @realDonaldTrump’s statement this am that he may interfere w/ the special counsel’s investigation, it is even more of an imperative that @SenateMajLdr put this bill on the floor immediately. Rather than waiting for a constitutional crisis, the full Senate should act now. https://t.co/t3KjI8cCgP
As @LegacyMuseum &amp; @MemPeaceJustice welcome the first visitors, take a moment to think of the injustice suffered by so many African-Americans, not just in the South, or in the past, but today &amp; everywhere where Dr King’s Dream remains unrealized &amp; the cause of justice, unfinished
I truly applaud Dr. Stevenson, not just for his vision in creating the @MemPeaceJustice, but for his vital work as an attorney, professor and Exec Dir of @eji_org.
In order to move forward as a nation we must be willing to look back on our past and grapple with it. Not only that, we must learn hard lessons and strive, always, to correct its failures.
Today, in Montgomery, the National Memorial for Peace and Justice, dedicated to the legacy of enslaved black people, victims of lynching, and African Americans who have been victimized by white supremacy, will open its doors to visitors. https://t.co/Oi4aOje3qC
The VA's problems are management problems &amp; we need someone at the helm with the experience &amp; know-how to fix them. The next @DeptVetAffairs Sec must be prepared to handle a large organization that has a very solemn obligation to serve our veterans as well as they’ve served us.
.@realDonaldTrump is putting forward nominees without appropriate vetting, and it’s our job to vet. More than ever –with this president - it’s the Senate’s job to advise and consent, not be a rubber stamp on nominees.
This administration has repeatedly named nominees and asked questions later. Aren’t members of the Senate currently looking into both Admiral Jackson and Scott Pruitt?
Today @SenateGOP will try to change Senate rules, but hasn't this week shown that the president’s nominees deserve scrutiny, not automatic confirmation?
The Trump Administration should admit the #MuslimBan goes against our values &amp; does nothing to fight the real problem of homegrown terrorism.
Today, #SCOTUS hears oral arguments on @realDonaldTrump’s #MuslimBan. It’s time to end policies, like bans &amp; raids, that foster bigotry &amp; hate. That’s just not who we are as Americans. #NoMuslimBanEver
Kyle Duncan should not be granted a lifetime judicial appointment. Thank you @OfficialCBC for your letter. I trust @SenateMajLdr has read it as well. https://t.co/a5WdtjQS34
I am voting no on the Duncan nomination because his anti-civil rights, anti-LGBT, anti-choice, anti-immigrant record disqualifies him to serve. https://t.co/8O5TG1r5MI
Today I joined @SenateDems to share our complete disapproval of the Trump rule that hurts people with pre-ex conditions &amp; imposes an age tax. Another health care sabotage &amp; #BrokenPromise. You can voice your concerns over these #junkplans too: https://t.co/m4oSec07LB https://t.co/QiOqWS3utr
The numbers don’t lie: more evidence the #GOPTaxScam was designed to tip the scales in favor of the wealthiest Americans at the expense of the middle-class. From day one, Americans knew Republicans gave them a raw deal, one of the clearest reasons why the law remains so unpopular https://t.co/5SJWFjhGyq
With the KC-135s finally flying in &amp; out of NFARS, there is a real opportunity to ride on the wing of success &amp; bring even more federal investment opportunities to NFARS. Today I launched a campaign for $50M for upgrades to protect the base &amp; NY jobs. https://t.co/PyossQNFTN
With a string of recent aviation tragedies &amp; reports, I looked into the FAA’s policing of the airlines. Turns out since 2014 alone, FAA enforcement on airline maintenance and fines plunged by a shocking 70% - that just wont fly. https://t.co/GgmQMix78m
The time has come to decriminalize marijuana. My thinking – as well as the general population’s views – on the issue has evolved, and so I believe there’s no better time than the present to get this done. https://t.co/EIHgsI8j6C
So proud of all the young Americans in NY and across the US who participated in the #NationalStudentWalkout today. Your voices and actions are changing this country for the better! https://t.co/KK5KmeF30f
.@girlscouts troop 239 from South Huntington, NY brought some sunshine to my office in DC today. Take note: they are so committed to serving their community, several girls have been awarded the Presidential Volunteer Service Award. Congrats to this troop of young leaders! https://t.co/mRGxYYCyoR
A staggering number of Americans, a disproportionate number of whom are Latino and African-American, are arrested every day for something that most Americans agree shouldn't be a crime. More on my plan to change that via @REMEZCLA: https://t.co/PGrIx9ITxE
Read more of my thinking on decriminalizing marijuana on @Medium: https://t.co/dGEV4hXQSF
Plain and simple: this is the right thing to do for America.
This will not course correct the damage that’s been done, but it is a first step that can help to enable those historically harmed to have an opportunity to better compete in the industry as we make this change on the federal level.
It's clear that African Americans and Latinos have been disproportionately impacted; approximately 80% of people in federal prison and 60% in state prison for drug offenses are black or Latino.
That’s why this bill will inject real dollars into minority and women-owned businesses to ensure those disproportionately affected by marijuana criminalization can benefit from this new economy.
Now, I recognize that time after time when these sweeping changes occur, the little guys lose while the big guys continue to profit. We saw this with big tobacco and we could see it with marijuana as well.
It will also maintain federal authority to regulate interstate trafficking to ensure that marijuana from states that have legalized doesn’t pour into those that have not.
In addition to decriminalization, my bill will invest critical resources into the THC research needed to prevent unintended effects on our youth and ensure highway safety.
And under existing law, the federal government considers marijuana as dangerous as heroin and treats it less favorably than cocaine. That has to change.
So why have I changed my stance? Looking at the numbers helped. 2/3 of Americans believe marijuana should be legalized, meanwhile more than half of all drug arrests in the United States are marijuana arrests. (https://t.co/MUOam2uIxz)
I have long believed that states should function as their own laboratories of democracy. My bill is a step in the right direction aimed at removing the barriers to state legalization efforts.
THREAD: It’s official. Today, I am formally announcing my plan to decriminalize marijuana at the federal level. It’s time we allow states, once and for all, to have the power to decide what works best for them.
People can change. Sat down with @Shawna from @vicenews to talk about new marijuana policy. Tune in at 7:30pm: https://t.co/rVTnNeseTg
I’m proud to join the cause and support the ‘McGuiness Principles’ so that full equality, mutual respect, lasting peace and a shared prosperity can be fully realized in the North – and throughout all of Ireland.
The torch of Martin McGuinness is being carried forward by his two sons, Fiachra and Emmett, who have courageously and correctly called on all parties to the Good Friday Agreements, including the British government, to uphold critical, yet unfulfilled elements of the Agreement. https://t.co/R4m60TX3Nv
Tammie Jo Shults is a true hero. One of the first fighter pilots for the @USNavy &amp; then an instructor, Tammie Jo saved lives yesterday landing her @SouthwestAir flight safely in Philadelphia. https://t.co/7qQylVBpHM
If the Trump administration really wanted to #DrainTheSwamp, they'd put Americans first, take note of our resolution &amp; urge Scott Pruitt to resign. If not, @realDonaldTrump should fire him. https://t.co/unSHyecM6J
Island-wide power outage in Puerto Rico—again. This is unacceptable. We can and must do more to help Puerto Rico recover and rebuild stronger. My office is in touch with the administration &amp; hoping to get to the bottom of this ASAP.
Time is running out in our fight to #SaveTheInternet. Do your Senators &amp; Reps support our CRA to protect #NetNeutrality? Find out more: https://t.co/xDbFCHXc6j https://t.co/XaopdEVYTw
All Americans should be concerned about @realDonaldTrump's disturbing decision to pull back from sanctioning Russia for its support of Assad &amp; its enabling of his use of a chemical weapons in the wanton murder of his own people. More LIVE: https://t.co/PvaCStpuiT https://t.co/UAkV045zrd
Mrs. Bush personified grace and class as First Lady and throughout her life; she will be missed. I send my heartfelt condolences to the Bush Family.
Look, I’m glad @SenateMajLdr believes @realDonaldTrump would be wrong to fire Special Counsel Mueller, but we need the bill to protect Mueller, and we need it now. https://t.co/7gB7hBokQp
NEW: My @Medium post looking back -- not too fondly -- at the #GOPTaxScam this #TaxDay. Read it here: https://t.co/6F3R3koti4
La reforma tributaria aprobada por los republicanos le proporciona un recorte de impuestos a los multimillonarios y las grandes empresas, pero hace poco para ayudar a la comunidad latina. #GOPTaxScam https://t.co/aAn8Dggzzx
A pesar de las promesas de los republicanos, bajo la reforma tributaria, los latinos se encuentran sin alivio significativo. #GOPTaxScam https://t.co/IuK127BCRE
Average Americans aren't celebrating #TaxDay, but shareholders and big corporations are. https://t.co/klJ2LbS3h2
Just remember: only 27% of Americans think the #GOPTaxScam was a good idea. Fitting news on #TaxDay, one of the least popular days of the year. More on the NBC/WSJ poll: https://t.co/jWfDhBQkqd
This #taxday, don't forget that those bonuses companies were supposed to lavish on workers after the #GOPTaxScam passed have now "slowed to a trickle."  https://t.co/wegRyzvy65
Republicans insisted the #GOPTaxScam was about cutting taxes for working Americans. Even though the crux of their bill was a massive corporate tax cut, they said workers would see the most benefit. Those workers are still waiting.
Take note: @realDonaldTrump &amp; the administration have declined to label China a currency manipulator not once, not twice, but three times. https://t.co/pDmGaWAfIn
As @USTradeRep nears a deal to renegotiate NAFTA, reversing restrictive dairy pricing policies in Canada that hurt dairy producers like the ones I met with today at Cayuga Milk Ingredients must be a top priority. https://t.co/f7EEM8et1y
The #GOPTaxScam opened the door for a deluge of corporate buybacks that benefit CEOs and shareholders, NOT the average worker. WATCH: https://t.co/mTlmJ8Zlvp
Today was a double loss for the Hudson Valley, both Assemblyman Frank Skartados &amp; Mayor Judy Kennedy fought every single day to better the lives &amp; communities for NYers in the HV &amp; beyond. My most sincere condolences to their family &amp; friends. Frank &amp; Judy will be missed dearly.
A pinpointed, limited action to punish and hopefully deter Assad from doing this again is appropriate, but the administration has to be careful about not getting us into a greater and more involved war in Syria.
Read @USATODAY and you’ll find with the #GOPTaxScam, “the sharing of wealth hasn’t been as generous as hoped.”  https://t.co/wegRyzvy65
.@SpeakerRyan &amp; I have different definitions of “good week”:
❌Corporate buy backs at all-time high
❌ Devon Energy &amp; more lay off workers after billion-dollar buybacks
❌After #GOPTaxScam, “Most of the extra cash from tax savings is going into the pockets of stock shareholders” https://t.co/Ckw3SA83Wq
Extremely troubling article. Now more than ever our country needs to lead the world in remembering the atrocities of the Holocaust. https://t.co/QNy1cZx5Wv
The Gestapo rounded up and helped murder millions of Jews. The FBI did not.  Do not ever ever try to equate the two. https://t.co/kjard5lJq8
Every Democrat and Republican, regardless of politics, party or ideology, should stand up and say that what @realDonaldTrump is considering is not only wrong, but a real threat to the constitutional order of this government.
The consequences of firing Mr. Rosenstein, Mr. Mueller, or issuing political pardons would be dire for our democracy. We have clear evidence, from @POTUS himself, that each of those things is a real possibility. President Trump basically mused about it on national television.
.@TheJusticeDept is an independent federal agency tasked with following the law, wherever it leads, free of considerations of politics or power. Mr. Rosenstein has acted in line with that long tradition. And it’s no reason for @realDonaldTrump to fire him.
It is a sacred duty to teach our children and the children of the world about the Holocaust so that such evil is never revisited on the Jewish people or on any other people ever again. #YomHashoah #HolocaustRemembranceDay
Gonna be a hard pass. https://t.co/t8lbU4kLGz
Such an honor to receive the @NDSS 2018 Congressional Champion of Change Award today from NYer and entrepreneur, John Cronin. If you don't know about @JohnsCrazySocks you're missing out! #BWW2018 https://t.co/clJgI5mj1b
ICYMI I joined @SenatorTomUdall this morning to talk about why we have to get rid of Scott Pruitt, before he can further pollute the swamp, and the environment. WATCH: https://t.co/mvtFBxZ5Mz
Estoy de camino a una mesa redonda con medios latinos para hablar sobre como los demócratas del senado estamos defendiendo los valores estadounidenses y la comunidad latina. #AskHTF
Headed to the Latino media roundtable with my @SenateDems colleagues to discuss how we are standing up for our country’s values and the Latino community. #AskHTF
We must remember the sacrifices made to pass the #FairHousingAct and redouble our efforts to make the dream of fair housing a reality—and that means holding government accountable if they diverge from their historic mission.
The Fair Housing Act gives the Department of Housing and Urban Development the responsibility to address systemic bias in the housing market. #FairHousing
The landmark agreement held so much promise, but the facts show how much work remains to be done: from health to education to access to good jobs, the painful legacy of housing discrimination remains a wrong that America must right.
Before his death, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. led the fight to end housing discrimination. Though he did not live to see the Fair Housing Act become law in 1968—50 years ago today—he knew that the path to equality ran through desegregated and non-discriminatory housing policy.
Today I ask @SenateDems and @SenateGOP to stand up and say that what @realDonaldTrump is doing is wrong. Make it clear that firing Mueller or interfering in his investigation crosses a red line and is a threat to our constitutional order.
For months, the GOP has said that legislation to protect the special counsel is not needed because they’ve been assured by unnamed aides that the president won’t fire the Special Counsel. @realDonaldTrump himself has totally undermined that excuse. https://t.co/TcNbjLCjTK
It has become crystal clear to me that the only person engaging in an attack on American values, particularly the rule of law, is unfortunately @realDonaldTrump.
Special Counsel Mueller has uncovered a pattern of Russian interference in our elections that has led to several indictments &amp; guilty pleas. It has also led YOUR administration to level sanctions against Russian individuals for meddling in our elections. https://t.co/x1uUH33kgL
Attorney-client privilege is alive and well, as is the exception of attorney-client privilege when commutations between an attorney and client are used to further a crime or fraud, which may be the case here. It’s called the crime-fraud exception. It’s very well known. https://t.co/WuqEy1XYyZ
Last night @realDonaldTrump said the FBI raid was a “disgrace,” part of a “witch hunt,” an “attack on our country,” but in reality, it is part of a rigorous legal process with checks at each step &amp; a very high burden of proof. The President of the United States should know this.
Now more than ever is the time to protect Special Counsel Mueller and his investigation. Watch live from the Senate Floor: https://t.co/kFDiXMRs9o
On average, women are paid 80¢ for every $1 paid to a white man. Does that sound fair? No. Way. 

Speak out &amp; tweet #equalpay at 2pm ET today &amp; support the #PayCheckFairnessAct on #EqualPayDay https://t.co/9GARrVEbce
The investigation is critical to the health of our democracy, and must be allowed to continue.
Mueller, a Republican, has uncovered a deep &amp; detailed pattern of Russian interference in our elections that led to indictments &amp; guilty pleas. It also led to the Trump admin itself leveling sanctions against Russian individuals, proof that it’s not a so-called ‘witch-hunt.’
If @realDonaldTrump is thinking of using the FBI raid to fire Special Counsel Mueller or otherwise interfere with the chain of command in the Russia probe, we Democrats have one simple message for him: don’t.
.@realDonaldTrump: the corruption and incompetence of this Administration has reached a fever pitch. If you truly mean to drain the swamp you ought to fire Administrator Pruitt or accept his resignation.
The American people deserve a Congress that is focused squarely on helping the middle class, not patronizing Kabuki theatre –like sham ‘balanced budget’ votes - from Republicans who blew up the deficit to benefit wealthy special interests. 3/3
From day one, the GOP agenda has always been to balloon the deficit in order to dole out massive tax breaks to the largest corporations and wealthiest Americans, and then use the deficit as an excuse to cut #SocialSecurity and #Medicare. 2/3
.@USCBO's latest report exposes the scam behind the rosy rhetoric from Republicans that their tax bill would pay for itself. #GOPTaxScam 1/3 https://t.co/WccQ8ESJyc
Congrats to you and Bryan - two daughters are such an incredible blessing! https://t.co/28NXnEnxa5
At LI’s only VA medical center in Northport, the broken HVAC has caused veterans’ surgeries to be delayed and even canceled. I helped lock in the funds for upgrades, &amp; now the feds should cut the check &amp; make sure our heroes have reliable care they deserve. https://t.co/LbKHLWe2d1
Thinking tonight of those lost and injured in the fire that broke out in Trump Tower today, and incredibly thankful to the @FDNY for their work that kept more NYers from harm.
In everything he did, as a soldier, a teacher and as a statesman, Senator Daniel Akaka embodied the spirit of Hawaii. For all he taught us, for his service and his friendship, we say “Mahalo” one final time.
Incredible work by Syracuse police, @syracuse, students and community. These actions may have prevented a tragedy and saved lives. A reminder to everyone to stay alert &amp; share worries about suspicious behavior. https://t.co/wT8XHphUP8
At Awestruck, they made a commitment to NY &amp; I stand w/ them &amp; other hard cider producers to push back against ridiculous labeling regs. Working together we can ensure a bright future for the whole #NYcider industry. Something we can all raise a glass to!
https://t.co/JNkw1mJMWP
Had a great visit to Awestruck Ciders in Sidney yesterday. Patti and Casey are just what we need more of: talented young entrepreneurs who love New York almost as much as I do! https://t.co/OP1yucFsRe 1/2 https://t.co/obN377AWWJ
Today, 50 years after his assassination, we honor Dr. King’s life and legacy with our words and our actions. Speak up &amp; stand up; the march isn’t over. #MLK50Forward #MLK50 https://t.co/k4sdXcT0fu
Joined Tonawanda workers &amp; leaders today to tell NRG Energy to remember: the bottom line is not the only thing- do the RIGHT THING &amp; protect WNY jobs. https://t.co/3AJ5EoBhl6
As usual, the Trump administration sides with big, powerful special interests over the interests of the average American families, who will pay the price for lower miles per gallon and dirtier air.
.@EPAScottPruitt’s decision to roll back fuel economy standards is a victory for big oil and major corporations at the expense of American consumers and clean air for our kids.
Your actions on #WorldAutismAwarenessDay have changed the way ppl talk about autism in communities across the US &amp; the world &amp; made accomplishments like #AvontesLaw possible. Spread the word today. #autismacceptance https://t.co/2kqEcBhMrZ
Incredibly proud to play my part in helping to secure the official designation &amp; I believe that this institution will become a national attraction &amp; a smash hit! https://t.co/tseFMEW5Oh
Now that we’ve secured new funding for the VA in the recently passed bi-partisan omnibus budget bill, we cannot turn our backs on the Canandaigua VA medical center. An additional $190M will help complete the project &amp; give local veterans the facilities they need &amp; deserve. https://t.co/wY3j09TCAl
On #OpeningDay, we bid sad adieu to Le Grande Orange, @Mets legend, Rusty Staub. Phenomenal hitter and humanitarian who championed NY Police and Fire Widows and Orphans Fund.

#RIPRusty
The opioid crisis is a natl emergency that needs to be addressed ASAP &amp; now that we have the money to do it, we have to get the funds out the door so life saving centers like Christopher’s Reason can continue &amp;  expand their work. https://t.co/qYFGo1w2NT
The depth of the opioid crisis requires all-hands-on-deck &amp; an all-of-the-above approach. These new federal funds will mean more prevention, treatment, &amp; education programs, but the funds have to get to our communities.  https://t.co/13WC8R0O1p
The administration should read @SenFeinstein’s oped before it makes any more rash decisions on the #Census2020 https://t.co/DK8v6n22WH
I stand united with every Jewish community at home and abroad targeted by anti-Semitism -- against fear, intolerance and intimidation. 2/2 https://t.co/BnImPGDHAb
My thoughts are with the loved ones of Mireille Knoll, a Holocaust survivor who was brutally murdered and immolated in an act of hate. There is no place for #antisemitism in 2018 and it’s time for leaders across the globe to condemn both words and acts of hate. 1/2
Let’s call this like it is: the census, written about and hallowed in the Constitution, is being distorted by this administration for political purposes. President Trump and Secretary Ross should be ashamed of themselves. Hopefully the courts will correct this glaring abuse. https://t.co/coht0WR22A
This agreement with Thales will help the test site at Griffiss continue its important work – and keep the Mohawk Valley at the forefront of the UAS industry. Read more: https://t.co/x0UEc9twjs
Linda Brown’s passing serves both as a reminder of how far our education system has come and how much work lies ahead. Let’s honor her courage by investing in our schools, our teachers &amp; our future.   https://t.co/dca3LnplKl
Yesterday, I marched alongside amazing kids and worried families who are doing things Congress &amp; NRA loyalists have long refused: forcing action on gun violence. The time is now for an assault weapons debate, background checks, and protection orders. Our country is demanding it. https://t.co/cHybd0e2Zy
The only thing standing in the way of achieving their goals is the president, whose White House today praised them as courageous. What they want is for the president to show courage, not in empty words, but in real action, by at minimum supporting universal background checks.
I marched for 2 hours with the students in NYC and came away inspired by their enthusiasm, steadfastness &amp; focus on electing those who support them.
The energy across the country today is unparalleled. It is a powerful force for good. Marching with @March4LivesNYC to say #NeverAgain! #March4OurLivesNYC #MarchForOurLives https://t.co/6dVyIg3VOU
Last week was monumental as thousands of students across the country walked out for gun safety. We heard them loud and clear in Washington and we know even more are gathering to #MarchForOurLives today. Did you hear them? Will you join them? https://t.co/17XpjIJdCi
Whether trans or otherwise, if you're qualified you should be permitted to serve. We should be grateful to all of those willing to risk their lives in service to the nation, no matter who they are, whatever their background. #honortranstroops #protecttranstroops #transmilitaryban
No matter what @realDonaldTrump says, this is a transgender ban - plain and simple. This decision breaks faith with those serving today and those who aspire to serve. And it is yet another Trump-Pence decision intended to drive a wedge in our society.
This massive investment will help BNL carry out critical projects that help put Long Island on the map as global leader in research! https://t.co/SvUWp0E8A0
The PA's practice of subsidizing terror must come to an end &amp; I am proud to say --thanks to the advocacy of the Force family-- we were able to include the Taylor Force Act in the bipartisan funding bill. https://t.co/VtP4cc6mA8
No area codes! What a find @Soundwave919 &amp; @ChaimDeutsch. https://t.co/kM1RbtpaWC
Today we mourn the loss of one of New York's bravest, Michael Davidson. My heart is with his family, friends and the entire FDNY. https://t.co/8caXfSGBOd
Mr. Bolton’s tendency to try to solve every geopolitical problem w/ the American military first is a troubling one. I hope he will temper his instinct to commit our armed forces to conflicts around the globe, when we need to be focused on building the middle class here at home.
This new federal funding bill is a major win for New York! https://t.co/nvlW9znF3X
Thanks to the work of Senator @klobucharoffice, “Kevin and Avonte’s Law” will become a reality &amp; we’ll take a vital first step to ensuring lifesaving technology is available all across New York and the country.
Just this month, we were again reminded of how critical Avonte's Law is after the heartbreaking disappearance of 14-year-old Trevyan Rowe in Rochester.
As a result, I learned that bolting, elopement, &amp; wandering are part of the everyday worries of caregivers &amp; parents, and got to work looking for a way to provide voluntary GPS tracking devices to children or adults w/ developmental disorders, like Autism Spectrum Disorder.
I first introduced the bill in 2014, to honor Avonte Oquendo, a non-verbal boy with #autism, who bolted from his school in Queens. It felt like our whole city was looking for him, and we all mourned with his family when his body was found.
A bittersweet moment for me, as I announce the inclusion of a bill that means so much to NYers – Avonte’s Law— will finally receive a final passage vote by the House and Senate this week.
When Hurricane Sandy hit, Chairman Cochran was the ranking member on the Approps Cmte. He &amp; his staff were extraordinarily helpful throughout the process. Ultimately, @SenThadCochran voted for the #Sandy relief bill when many of our colleagues opposed it. I’ll never forget that.
After Hurricane Katrina buffeted his state, @SenThadCochran convinced recalcitrant lawmakers to deliver aid to the gulf coast far exceeding the Admin’s request. And he did it by working members on both sides behind the scenes, earning the nickname the “quiet persuader.”
But there are many things do  have in common, and there’s a particular part of his legacy that I want every New Yorker to remember today:
.@SenThadCochran and I certainly have our differences. He once said, “I don’t call lots of news conferences. I just don’t see that as a necessary part of my responsibilities.” 

Agree to disagree.
THREAD: Today, @SenThadCochran will deliver his farewell address. He served with a sense of dignity and respect for his colleagues that was always appreciated but never confused for lack of fierceness. He fought for Mississippi as hard as any Senator.
With this $75 million investment &amp; unwise cuts averted, the future is bright for the @UofR Laser Lab! https://t.co/3aRONk4Olv
Desde el financiamiento para combatir la crisis de opioides hasta la banda ancha rural, y de los préstamos estudiantiles hasta el cuidado infantil, este proyecto de ley pone a los trabajadores y las familias primero. 2/2
Cada proyecto de ley requiere un compromiso, y en este proyecto de ley hubo muchos, pero al final del día, los demócratas nos sentimos muy bien porque muchas de nuestras prioridades para la clase media fueron incluidas. 1/2
Every bill takes compromise &amp; there was plenty here, but at the end of the day Dems feel very good; so many of our priorities for the middle class are included. From opioid funding to rural broadband, from student loans to child care, this bill puts workers &amp; families first.
On behalf of the many @Starbucks workers in New York State, thank you for doing the right thing. I hope others will follow @Starbucks’ lead and make #PayEquity not just a priority, but an accomplishment. #EqualPay https://t.co/buxftSwxYj
Unions like @transportworker are key to growing the middle class. Good luck to workers at @JetBlue – a great company – as they vote on forming a union.
Live now - don't miss @SenDougJones' important first speech. https://t.co/Sy2fUl0TI4
.@louiseslaughter was a legend in her own right and a fierce advocate for her constituents. One of Louise’s most significant accomplishments was delivering the federal funding that made the Rochester Train Station a reality &amp; it is only fitting that the station bear her name.
All Aboard for Louise Slaughter Station! https://t.co/qrzw9JZzYJ
Speaking of #ButterLamb, a very happy National Agriculture Day to all of the unsung heroes across the country that work from before dawn til dusk to ensure Americans are well fed and healthy! We can’t thank you enough #NationalAgDay
Amazing. Will there be a pop-up shop for these at Broadway Market? https://t.co/Oz9HVFYIhf
A los ciudadanos estadounidenses devastados por el huracán Maria en Puerto Rico y USVI, y los miles que se han trasladado a los Estados Unidos: no los hemos olvidados. Estamos aquí para ayudarlos. Y seguiremos luchando para ayudar a reconstruir sus hogares y sus comunidades.
To the long-suffering American citizens of Puerto Rico and the #USVI and the thousands who have relocated to the US mainland: we have not forgotten you. We are here to help you. And we’re going to keep fighting to help rebuild your homes and communities.
Congress passed significant relief earlier this year, but we have to make sure that aid goes to the right places, and if additional aid is required, additional aid is provided.
There was terrible damage to schools and hospitals, water systems and roads, homes and businesses. It took months to get electricity, clean water, and cell service back to large parts of the island, and far too many people are still waiting for relief.
Today marks 6 months since Hurricane Maria made landfall on the island of #PuertoRico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. As we all know, the storm was one of the most powerful and devastating to ever strike those American islands.
HUGE win for @UBwomenshoops &amp; now it’s on to the #Sweet16 in Albany!! #UBdancing #UBHornsUp #GoBulls https://t.co/ZXXtltSxA5
.@SenateDems' truly modern infrastructure plan would build everything from roads and bridges to schools to airports to high-speed internet and more. Not only will it boost Upstate infrastructure, but it will create good paying jobs. Learn more: https://t.co/32Lg0ggELs
Doors-off flights and this questionable restraint system should have been grounded from day one. We demand to know more about their federal approval system. https://t.co/36hkEVtnIZ
Couldn’t have picked a better day to be in #Syracuse with Mayor Ben Walsh! #GoOrange #StillDancing #MarchMadness https://t.co/XmEn48Xs7L
Monday plans: https://t.co/DHtc2cqqCC
Friday plans: https://t.co/Ce1MXw8xd6
Well done @Cuse_MBB! Could it be they make the #FinalFour? Hoping &amp; praying! #GoCuse #Syracuse 🍊🏀
.@realDonaldTrump is floating trial balloons about derailing the Mueller investigation. Our GOP colleagues, particularly the leadership, have an obligation to our country to stand up now and make it clear that firing Mueller is a red line for our democracy that cannot be crossed.
The president, the administration, and his legal team must not take any steps to curtail, interfere with, or end the special counsel's investigation or there will be severe consequences from both Democrats and Republicans. 2/2
Mr. Dowd's comments are yet another indication that the first instinct of @realDonaldTrump and his legal team is not to cooperate with Special Counsel Mueller, but to undermine him at every turn. 1/2
Throughout @louiseslaughter’s many decades of service in the U.S. Congress, her steadfast focus was to move the whole Greater Rochester area forward, and the new train station was no exception. It is only fitting to now dedicate the station to her.  https://t.co/DUwbqQ5lzI
This week Taoiseach Leo Varadkar joined me to celebrate the naming of the USS Gallagher for Cpl. Patrick Gallagher, son of Ireland and adopted son of America. A very happy #StPatricksDay to all! https://t.co/kpO8zhPrX8
My deepest condolences to the Raguso family &amp; the families of the brave service members who put their lives on the line for our nation day in and day out.
Learning that some of those stationed in Westhampton Beach were among those lost in the helicopter crash in Iraq, including @FDNY &amp; Commack FD firefighter Christopher Raguso.  https://t.co/w1sQDWmCxh
Her passing will leave a gaping hole in our hearts and our nation. My sincere condolences go out to her daughters and grandchildren and to the legions of people who loved and admired her.
Throughout her entire career, Louise worked with people from so many different philosophies and backgrounds, because she was such a genuine human spirit. The ferocity of her advocacy was matched only by the depth of her compassion and humanity.
My friend &amp; colleague @LouiseSlaughter was a giant, who proudly walked in the footsteps of the heroes of Seneca Falls -Susan B. Anthony &amp; Elizabeth Cady Stanton. She had deep convictions on issues impt to the ppl of #ROC &amp; for the integrity &amp; honesty of the political system.
When life gives you lemons, beat the four seed. 

Go @UBmenshoops! #UBDancing #HornsUp #GoBulls #ComingforUK https://t.co/1lPRpkTZjF
Wait, really? WHERE IS IT, TED? https://t.co/77JhmVnVPM
So the Mueller investigation is not a “witch hunt”? https://t.co/ty4w13yMs7
It would be a sad toy story if consumers got gamed by the @ToysRUs closure. https://t.co/kRyGUAvjK6
This morning I read the names of the 17 Americans – fourteen children – who were killed in the horrific attack at Stoneman Douglas High School. I hope my colleagues in the House &amp; Senate listen to their names &amp; vow to honor them with their votes to #EndGunViolence. #NeverAgain https://t.co/ylZLWwOo0G
Students like you, students like @mattlpost, students saying #EnoughIsEnoughDMV and across the US joining #NationalWalkoutDay give me hope! We will end the gun violence epidemic in America, and we will win! https://t.co/YZQy9uzhQY
Yesterday there were 7,000 pairs of unworn shoes here at the Capitol – representing the 7,000 kids who died from gun violence since #SandyHook. Let us remember the thousands of children who have died at the hands of gun violence. Let us say #Enough.
Heading out now... #NationalWalkoutDay #Enough https://t.co/Ca6EHwe1vS https://t.co/FyypRMc1ka
Alyssa Alhadeff
Martin Duque Anguiano
Scott Beigel
Nicholas Dworet
Aaron Feis
Jaime Guttenberg
Christopher Hixon
Luke Hoyer
Cara Loughran
Gina Montalto
Joaquin Oliver
Alaina Petty
Meadow Pollack
Helena Ramsay
Alex Schachter
Carmen Schentrup
Peter Wang

#NeverForget
#Enough is enough. It’s time that this country comes together to do something about gun violence. #NationalWalkoutDay, the students, teachers, families &amp; friends standing up all give me hope that things will finally, finally change.
Proud to join you, @SenWhitehouse. Watch live, now:  
https://t.co/cd2EtFOvYG

#TimeToWakeUp https://t.co/w7nlcjvKt9
We have a responsibility to get to the very bottom of what happened in the 2016 elections and to report on those findings in an unbiased way. If the House isn't going to do it, the Senate must.
Congress is supposed to be a separate and equal branch of government with the power to check and balance the executive branch. That responsibility doesn’t fall on only one party. It falls on all of us.
.@SenateDems are fighting to make sure that isn't our only response. I hope my Republican friends find the courage to go beyond what the gun lobby tells them is ok and work with Dems on real, significant #gunsafety legislation.
As a response to the spree of shootings in our schools and churches and movie theaters, night clubs, concert venues and street corners every evening, a bill to repair one, small aspect of our background check system will not be sufficient.
Tomorrow, students across the country will participate in a nationwide walkout to demand action on #gunviolence. In a few weeks, many more will join the #MarchForOurLives. Will we have done nothing in that time to address #gunsafety in a meaningful way? I hope not.
The instability of this administration in just about every area weakens America.

If he’s confirmed, we hope that Mr. Pompeo will turn over a new leaf and will start toughening up our policies towards Russia and Putin.
ICYMI: I sat down with @Recode's @karaswisher to talk about #NetNeutrality, @SenateDems' fight to #SaveTheInternet &amp; more. Listen here: https://t.co/ktqR8KCAA2
Corp. Patrick Gallagher - an Irish immigrant from Long Island whose heroism in the Vietnam War earned him the Navy Cross- made the ultimate sacrifice for our country &amp; I am proud to say he will finally have the memorial he deserves. https://t.co/VGI3GMkNEA
Exciting announcement - more at 11:30am: https://t.co/dDE4n2uQM6
Just terrible news about Trevyan for his family and all those who searched for him day and night this weekend. A heartbreaking loss for #ROC. https://t.co/b02JedzHq5
.@realDonaldTrump could either stand with U.S. intel agencies on foreign interference in our democracy, or with Putin &amp; his hateful conspiracy theories. What is so difficult for him? https://t.co/xED3tWI6BA
.@WhiteHouse has taken tiny baby steps designed not to upset @NRA when the #gunviolence epidemic demands giant steps be taken. @SenateDems will push to go further: passing universal #backgroundchecks, actual fed legislation on protection orders &amp; a debate on #AssaultWeaponsBan.
#iloveny and so does the @NCAA selection cmte. Cheering on @Cuse_MBB @IonaGaelsMBB @UBmenshoops @LIUBasketball and @BonniesMBB this #MarchMadness!
The President and I may agree on trade but the slapdash way these tariffs were constructed has few of us cheering. I strongly urge @realDonaldTrump to rethink these tariffs and focus his policy more directly at China and countries that ship cheap Chinese steel to the U.S.
As I've said before, I believe @realDonaldTrump's instincts on China are correct, but the execution of these tariffs is poor. I spoke about this earlier today. WATCH:
https://t.co/RihvE6QDVX https://t.co/m7jMit9CTJ
Celebrating #InternationalWomensDay &amp; thinking of the tremendous women leaders I work beside in the Senate. It’s up to all of us to #PressForProgress so even more women can follow their dreams. https://t.co/jNBZpszRpp
With Riley &amp; Quinn behind us, it's time for @ConEdison and @NYSEandG to step up their subpar and unacceptable response for the thousands of NYers still without power.
The #GOPTaxScam was a giveaway to the wealthy &amp; big corporations – our plan reroutes those dollars to rebuild America’s infrastructure. Read it here:  https://t.co/XZHix3Lani https://t.co/pS0TCDWyfl
.@SenateDems #infrastructure plan would improve the daily lives of millions of American families by creating a 21st century transportation network, rebuilding water systems and schools, making our electric system stronger and our communities more resilient, &amp; much more. https://t.co/Q9QcZMUQ7k
.@SenateDems will get rid of the #GOPTaxScam’s tax giveaways to the wealthy to fund a historic $1 trillion investment in America’s infrastructure that would create more than 15 million good-paying jobs. Learn more LIVE: https://t.co/zHLF7rgUa5 https://t.co/fv17B8BP8Q
Today @SenateDems have #ABetterDeal to offer the American people, one that rolls back the #GOPTaxScam's giveaways to corporations and the wealthy and invests that money instead in job-creating infrastructure.
After a year of bold promises, the Trump infrastructure plan proposed just $200 billion in federal funds, financed through cuts to existing programs, demands on local govts, and the private sector would make up the rest. 
What will that lead to? #TrumpTolls across the US.
Then we waited. And waited. A full year after we made our proposal, the Trump Administration finally released one of its own. Frankly, it was underwhelming.
A year ago, last January, @SenateDems unveiled our trillion dollar #infrastructure plan &amp; sent it to @realDonaldTrump. We said it was one of the areas where we could work with the president to get something done.
.@SenateDems believe overwhelmingly the American people will prefer building #infrastructure and creating close to 15 million middle-class jobs than giving tax breaks to the wealthy. More on the plan we'll unveil today:  https://t.co/DB8Z0bdVXQ
Well deserved @JerryZremski! https://t.co/7bGYj2W14S
TOMORROW: @SenStabenow &amp; @SenBillNelson will co-host a hearing with testimony from survivors of gun violence and family members who want Congress to take swift action to strengthen our nation’s gun laws. Tune in at 4pm #AmericaSpeaksOut https://t.co/a2HGgV2ju2 https://t.co/JCFKscPJOe
Presidente Trump: el futuro de estos jóvenes soñadores está en sus manos. Usted lo rompió y ahora lo tiene que arreglar #DACA #ProtectDreamers #Dreamers
https://t.co/9TOuFHNsKO
Oil &amp; gas giant @Chevron announced that it expects to restart its buyback program. Why? Cause they just reaped $2B in savings from the #GOPTaxScam. 

Now will @Chevron announce major compensation or benefits changes for workers? No plans to do so. https://t.co/Zzr0uV8VJM
Over $200 billion in corporate buybacks have been announced since January, putting corporations on pace to spend over a trillion dollars this year buying back their own stock.
When the #GOPTaxScam passed, Republicans promised that corporations would reinvest the savings from the tax bill, stimulating jobs and economic growth. We don't hear a lot from them now.
Congratulations to Vice Admiral John C. Aquilino, a Long Islander and Walt Whitman High School grad, on being nominated to command the Pacific Fleet. https://t.co/TQBTNVHcrE
.@realDonaldTrump stood in the way of Congress’ bipartisan plans to help #Dreamers, &amp; he’s the one who broke the #DACA program to begin with. Read my @CNN op-ed for more: https://t.co/2KtM5puLVR
The problem is, share buybacks don’t really help workers. They don’t directly help grow the economy. They’re a quick way for big corporations to take more of their stock off the market, raising the value of the shares. Who benefits? Take a look: #GOPTaxScam https://t.co/O6vv4cahxx
"The tax bill was sold as a way to create jobs and boost stagnant wages. So far, at least, corporations have been showing more concern about shareholders than about employees or the economy as a whole."
Instead of giving workers major wage increases, hiring new workers or investing in new equipment and research, the most popular use of the savings from the #GOPTaxScam for corporations is corporate share buybacks. https://t.co/xP8BkPouOw
Over and over, we’ve heard the GOP mantra that the #GOPTaxScam was aimed at giving working Americans a boost. And yet, when you look at the actual policy, the lion’s share of the tax cuts is going to corporations.
La culpa de que miles de #Dreamers pierdan sus protecciones recae únicamente sobre el presidente Trump. Él ha saboteado todos los acuerdos bipartidistas que se le ha presentado y ha dicho que no a cada arreglo que hemos negociado. #ProtectDreamers
The blame for thousands of #Dreamers losing their protections falls solely on President Trump. He has sabotaged every bipartisan agreement that has been put on the table and walked away from every potential compromise. #ProtectDreamers
.@UofR’s Laser Lab is critical to national security &amp; the future of innovation, and draws the brightest and best to @CityRochesterNY. I will work hard to vaporize any efforts to cut or eliminate funding for its work. https://t.co/1MsFR3uqnU
Explore &amp; More Children's Museum at @CanalsideBflo will welcome roughly 250K visitors in the first year alone. It's a tremendous educational &amp; economic opportunity for Buffalo, &amp; I am going to fight tooth and nail for the much-needed federal investment. https://t.co/EEI7D85pIL
Americans are fed up with the unbending position of the @NRA, which is to do nothing now and always, no matter how many lives are lost. That’s why I joined these students &amp; parents today to say #NeverAgain &amp; unveil @SenateDems’ plan to address #gunviolence. https://t.co/vBfSHgUW9U
Joining passionate students who have become the face of a movement demanding Congress—once and for all—do something meaningful to address #gunviolence in America. More at 11:30am.
With so many stores in NY - not to mention being founded in NY- I'm proud of @DICKS and their decision to help further #gunsafety in this country. https://t.co/h4suJh0wFe
Mazel tov on an amazing season. As we say in Brooklyn: Wait till next year! #GoMaccabees https://t.co/g7exVKG9NH
If he continues to bow to his right wing ringmasters, we will get nothing done on guns and his presidency will continue to fail. 2/2
.@realDonaldTrump should go with his instincts, not the clarion and destructive call of the NRA. He knows instinctively that this is the right thing to do both substantively -it will save tens of thousands of lives- and politically -over 3/4 of the American people support it. 1/2
Debbie @SenStabenow is absolutely right. Will you help #SaveTheInternet? https://t.co/xRrHvDZvLv
.@NY_Legion- great job reaching out to a new generation of veterans.  Hope everyone is getting questions out there for #asknylegion.
Jim Kelly is as tough as they come. He’s had WNY’s back for more than 30 years and it’s once again our turn to have his. We love you, Jim. Get well soon. #KellyTough #PrayersForJK
Today, I asked @realDonaldTrump to listen to the cries of this country, follow through on his comments yesterday by endorsing these proposals, and pushing GOP leaders in Congress to once &amp; for all buck the NRA and finally get this done.
The @NRA has had the GOP in a headlock for decades –but @realDonaldTrump could overcome their strength and finally get his Republican allies on the Hill to move to embrace some commonsense gun safety policies.
And THIRD- Debate banning assault weapons &amp; limiting clips - if @realDonaldTrump can get some Republicans to vote for these proposals, and he indicated openness to supporting them yesterday, we can pass it soon.
SECOND- Allow for protective orders to temporarily disarm individuals who have shown credible signs of being a harm to themselves or to others;
FIRST- Close gun show &amp; internet loopholes and update our background check system to make it comprehensive;
.@SenateDems have discussed #gunsafety and today I announced our 3 part plan: https://t.co/0p9q0hSjKM
THREAD: I hope we can pass meaningful #gunsafety legislation. Yesterday @realDonaldTrump seemed to strongly endorse universal #backgroundchecks, seemed open to an assault weapons ban &amp; agreed with Dems that passing just Fix NICS is not nearly enough – we need to do a lot more.
LIVE on @SenateDems' comprehensive gun safety proposals we are urging @realDonaldTrump to support, especially after his remarks at yesterday's meeting. WATCH: #GunSafety #NeverAgain https://t.co/mGKPtQDvH3 https://t.co/NhDAcndm97
Thank you @SenThomTillis &amp; @SenatorShaheen for your commitment to @NATO and your willingness to lead this important effort to respond to hybrid warfare &amp; other threats. https://t.co/OmBGDC64OJ
I thank my friend from Rhode Island @SenJackReed for the excellent question to @USCommandCyber Commander.  I don't know why President Trump doesn't want to make Putin pay a price for his actions against our democracy. https://t.co/0kwkXoZWgq
These numbers prove that the bulk of the savings from this bill aren’t trickling down into higher wages for workers, but into bigger gains for giant corporations and the wealthy. https://t.co/tmnJDS3fm6 https://t.co/1neF7QmwuO
The record-setting pace of stock buybacks is proof that companies across the country are stuffing the savings from the #GOPTaxScam into their own pockets and the pockets of their wealthy investors, rather than workers.  https://t.co/tmnJDS3fm6
It’s the most wonderful time of the year! #NYMaple https://t.co/wlvbVPhJwm
These students are going all out to help make America safer. We in Congress, Democrats AND Republicans owe it to these students to act and act in a real and significant way. #MarchForOurLives #NeverAgain https://t.co/vDKdy5XI2q
.@neveragainMSD students are amazing. They are passionate, they are brave, they are committed, they are organized, and they right: this has to end. #NeverAgain #MarchForOurLives https://t.co/7vdfPuqxHV
Happy to see @TSA doing this important bomb detection testing in partnership with @Amtrak at #PennStation today. We must stay a step ahead of those looking to do us harm. I will continue to call for more tests. https://t.co/L19XnNdxpD
The Parkland students say Fix NICS is not enough, the American people say Fix NICS is not enough, and its own sponsor @ChrisMurphyCT says it's not enough. We MUST do more to improve #GunSafety. More: https://t.co/zl9dPmxWsB
If you support #NetNeutrality, join me in fighting to save it. Ask your Senator today if they support our CRA led by @SenMarkey to #SaveTheInternet. #OneMoreVote
Si apoyas un internet libre y abierto, únete a mí para luchar para salvarlo. Pregúntale a tu senador si apoya la Ley de Revisión del Congreso del @SenMarkey para salvar el Internet. #NetNeutrality
El Internet libre y abierto permite que los empresarios y las nuevas empresas puedan competir con las grandes corporaciones. Estoy luchando para proteger la neutralidad de la red y apoyar la innovación estadounidense. #NetNeutrality
We just need #OneMoreVote to keep bringing data to the people and  #SaveTheInternet - are you with us? https://t.co/XcvMJEDDkq
Time is ticking. Let's get one more? #OneMoreVote #SaveTheInternet https://t.co/QQhIygB1QP
All across America there are rallies and events happening to get #OneMoreVote to #SaveTheInternet. Don't wait, we need your help today! https://t.co/8GhNXIaCYI
Without #NetNeutrality when a couple is streaming their favorite #Netflix show but it keeps lagging and killing the mood, who will be to blame?
[THREAD] Without #NetNeutrality when you’re trying to stream the @Yankees game on your phone and you miss every other pitch, who will be to blame?
Democrats' have a plan to #SavetheInternet, but we need your help to get it across the finish line and we don't have much time. More via @WIRED on #NetNeutrality https://t.co/Jx3n691cax
The #GOPTaxScam is another #BrokenPromise from @realDonaldTrump that lines the pockets of shareholders and senior executives. Read more:  https://t.co/IJ8hgewij6
We need #OneMoreVote, one more Republican senator, to reverse the @FCC’s terrible #NetNeutrality ruling here in the Senate and to #SaveTheInternet. Learn more: https://t.co/xDbFCHXc6j
It sure isn't @jimmy_dore . We're not giving up the fight to #SaveTheInternet - thanks for helping to spread the word. 

Tomorrow is our first day of action to get #OneMoreVote on our CRA, but it wont be our last. #NetNeutrality https://t.co/DU8YWCLVI5
At long last @TSA has heeded the call and added NYC to the locations where TSA will test potentially life-saving technology to make all of America’s transit hubs safer and more secure.
https://t.co/hQ8rGUaK60
If we are going to get something significant done to keep our schools and our kids safe from gun violence, @realDonaldTrump, @SenateGOP &amp; @HouseGOP will have to buck the @NRA.
In the wake of the horrific shooting at Stoneman Douglas High School, there has been a national conversation about the epidemic of gun violence. That conversation comes to the Senate this week. More LIVE: https://t.co/EYueOz6QeL
We hope GOP leaders will help pass real #gunsafety legislation that makes a difference; we can’t afford a bill that is simply aimed at pleasing the @NRA and making Republicans feel better but doesn’t get the job done. We need real results.
At a minimum, the Congressional response to the Parkland shooting should include universal #BackgroundChecks legislation that would close the gun show and internet sales loopholes that allow guns to fall into the wrong hands.
Democrats are pleased to hear that @realDonaldTrump recognizes the need to strengthen the Fix NICS bill. If all Congress does in response to the Parkland shooting is to pass the Fix NICS bill, it would be an abject failure and a dereliction of our duty.
It's hard to believe it has been 25 years since the attack on the World Trade Center. We have not forgotten the lives lost or the fear we all felt on that day our city was attacked.
Huge! Congrats @UAlbanyMLax! #GoGreatDanes https://t.co/ubdzXKyq5q
Despite calls for safer schools, the funding cuts in the #TrumpBudget would decimate the very programs that have made schools like Newtown safer. More at 8pm...
By initially delaying the release of the memo, @realDonaldTrump purposefully silenced any Democratic rebuttal to the fabricated conspiracy theories pushed by Chairman Nunes. Obviously, there is something the president is afraid of. 3/3
When it comes to the Russians interfering in our elections, @realDonaldTrump, @DevinNunes, @SpeakerRyan &amp; @HouseGOP need to stop playing politics &amp; stoking conspiracies &amp; instead let the Congressional &amp; Special Counsel Mueller’s investigations run their course, unimpeded. 2/3
The Democratic memo makes clear that Chairman Nunes cherry-picked and distorted information from sensitive intelligence to sow discord and undermine our nation's premier law enforcement agency - the @FBI. 1/3
Stories like @usacurl @TeamShuster’s are exactly what #Olympic dreams are made of &amp; why I fought so hard to make sure those #TeamUSA🥇🥈🥉don’t get taxed. Congrats!
https://t.co/HcVQKbVyYu
Thinking of Frederick Douglass’s powerful words today as we continue to celebrate #BlackHistoryMonth. Read the full text of his famous 1852 speech in Rochester, NY via @PBS https://t.co/xXD9wlV28G https://t.co/mfo9NXKwef
Now he’s headed in the same direction on gun safety. If @realDonaldTrump continues down this path, his calls for bipartisanship will ring hollow. The president needs to step up &amp; lead.
It’s clear to all but @realDonaldTrump that it was he who forced the DACA issue when he ended the prgm. Dems have been willing to negotiate for months, &amp; forged several bi-partisan deals, but his refusal to take yes for an answer led to his partisan plan that only got 39 votes.
Not surprised the @NRA reeled @realDonaldTrump back in. Just amazed at how fast it happened. https://t.co/yRjzHayqjF https://t.co/vexdVepocH
An epic game for @usahockey &amp; a huge congrats to NYer @EmilyPfalzer &amp; her @BuffaloBeauts teammate @meganebozek. If you couldn’t make it to #PyeongChang2018, see them play in Buffalo when they get home! #TeamUSA #Buffalove https://t.co/KgDdB2dlyj
Join us Tuesday, February 27th for a #NetNeutrality day of action. We’re joining @InternetAssn @fightfortheftr @freepress &amp; ppl like you across America to #SaveTheInternet &amp; get #OneMoreVote for our CRA. 

We won’t stop there. Learn more: https://t.co/5X8XmIzGKs
If the #GOPTaxScam is any guide for who they’ll stand with on #NetNeutrality, Republicans will probably choose their wealthy donors.  But that’s where you come in…
Saving #NetNeutrality is one of @SenateDems &amp; @HouseDemocrats top priorities for 2018, and we’re not backing down. That means Republicans have a crystal clear choice to make: stand with the middle class &amp; consumers or stand with big corporations.
We have sixty days in the Senate – yes, 60- to bring up our bill by @SenMarkey to #SavetheInternet. Right now, we have all 49 Dems &amp; one Republican. We need #OneMoreVote to pass it &amp; send a message to @HouseGOP that our internet freedoms matter. No small task, but we’re up to it.
It’s now official. The @FCC has finally published its rule turning back #NetNeutralty protections of our free and open internet. You can read it here: https://t.co/6FwrKSWvpu 
But you won’t like it.
Remember: @realDonaldTrump is pushing for action on things – like comprehensive background checks – the NRA opposes. Last time he showed support for sensible gun reform -no fly, no buy- he quickly dropped his support once the @NRA opposed it. I hope this time will be different.
The real test of @realDonaldTrump and the Republican Congress is not words and sympathy, but action. Will President Trump and the Republicans finally buck the @NRA and get something done? Could this time be different? 2/2
The NRA is once again spewing pathetic, out of touch ideas, blaming everything but guns. In the past, even after horrible shootings and empathetic words, President Trump and Congressional Republicans have toed the NRA line. 1/2
The next federal election is 263 days away &amp; the first primaries are in just a few weeks. We’ve got to get state election officials the info they need to combat threats. Today @amyklobuchar &amp; I urged the Trump admin to help by releasing a public report on Russian interference.
Our intel agencies have made clear that Putin’s hackers attacked state &amp; local election infrastructure during the 2016 election. We must help state &amp; local govts enhance defenses against cyber-attacks, replace outdated registration &amp; voting systems &amp; accurately count each ballot.
DHS &amp; the @FBI need big funding increase to help combat Russian interference in our elections &amp; to protect our democracy. @NancyPelosi @SenatorLeahy @NitaLowey &amp; I wrote @SenateMajLdr &amp; @SpeakerRyan urging them to support funding to counter these attacks.
.@HouseGOP combined the Fix NICS bill w/ the NRA’s top priority, concealed carry reciprocity, creating a bill which would be even worse than the status quo. I strongly urge @SenateGOP to avoid making the same mistake &amp; instead work w/ Dems to pass real #gunsafety solutions. 5/5
2nd, the Fix NICS bill @POTUS has tentatively endorsed barely scratches the surface of our problem &amp; must be just the start of a legislative remedy that at a minimum fully strengthens &amp; funds #backgroundchecks, closes loopholes, &amp; keeps guns from ppl who shouldn’t have them. 4/
Rather than just draft memos, @realDonaldTrump should call on Congress to pass @SenFeinstein’s bill to ban bump stocks. On far too many issues, this administration has been all talk &amp; little action – we can’t afford that approach when it comes to curbing #gunviolence. 3/
However, there are serious problems with @realDonaldTrump’s approach. 1st, his own @ATFHQ agency has warned that it does not have the authority to ban bump stocks. The only way to close this loophole permanently is through legislation. 2/
Republicans in Congress &amp; the White House, led by @realDonaldTrump, have held fast to the belief that better laws won’t curb the epidemic of gun violence in this country. That they’re now reversing that belief &amp; exploring policy changes to curb gun violence is a welcome shift. 1/
A big congrats to Dr. David Harris and the whole @UnionCollegeNY family--an incredible addition. Can't wait to see big things! https://t.co/98K1JKxOUd
After tax cuts for the wealthy in #GOPTaxScam, the irresponsible Trump HUD budget proposes rent hikes on low income New Yorkers. Let's stand together in saying no! #TrumpRentHike https://t.co/oZB6ngq1OG
Rather than offer more damaging rules &amp; regulations that only hurt millions of American families, the administration should finally get in the business of working with both parties in Congress to improve our health care system.
Since day one, the Trump administration playbook on health care has been to sabotage marketplaces, jack up costs &amp; premiums, and then offer junk insurance that fails to offer protections for those with pre-existing conditions, coverage of essential health benefits and more.
Exactly— Thanks for a great morning @nytowns. See you back on your home turf across the state soon! https://t.co/tXXqT3Ysy4
When I’m back in Washington I’ll be fighting for @SUNYADK &amp; institutions like it to receive additional federal funding to protect &amp; grow these essential Information Security degree programs.
Our digital infrastructure is under constant threat, but today I met with @SUNYADK students &amp; leaders to learn more about the Cybersecurity &amp; Information Security programs that train &amp; educate the future generation of programmers, hackers to computer scientists to protect it. https://t.co/PB1MSCPvSP
Great morning w/ the Johnson City Fire Dept! These guys are on the front lines keeping the community safe. Now that we have a budget deal in Congress, I’m pushing for more funding for SAFER Grants - which help fire depts like theirs grow &amp; maintain trained firefighters. https://t.co/5so1CO6UjT
Looking forward to a great #PresidentsDay2018 talking to NYers in Broome, Oneida &amp; Warren counties!
One problem: even if Democrats would take that deal, Gen. Kelly wouldn’t. https://t.co/lsOrPdSY55
Russian curler caught doping at #WinterOlympics. Outrageous. 
Should we be discussing if all Russians competing under the #Olympics flag should be banned from the rest of these games &amp; the Russian team should be banned from the 2020 games as well? #Tokyo2020
Thank you @NeverAgainMSD. #EndGunViolence https://t.co/Kn99SrWa2X
How much damage does Putin have to do for @realDonaldTrump, @SenateGOP &amp; @HouseGOP to take action to protect &amp; defend our democracy? https://t.co/aFKmRZEIuW
.@neveragainmsd you are incredible. We need your voices &amp; your ideas. 

Today I asked @realDonaldTrump WHY he cut Millions in funding for the country’s gun #backgroundcheck system in his budget. Who do you guys think he was trying to help?
.@realDonaldTrump how can you seriously say that ‘no child, teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school’ when your team is proposing to dismantle the background check system?
30 mass shooting have taken place in 2018. But @realDonaldTrump sent Congress a budget that CUTS millions of dollars from the gun background check system.
On guns and on Russian collusion investigation, the silence of my Republican Senate colleagues is deafening.
Mr. Trump to ‘dreamers’: Drop dead

The @washingtonpost headline says it all.
Look at the facts. It could not be any clearer that President Trump is not interested in protecting the Dreamers. https://t.co/msIZlGVGar
The indictments are also a reminder that Russia will continue to try to interfere in our Democracy. The administration needs to be far more vigilant in protecting the 2018 elections, and alert the American public any time the Russians attempt to interfere. 2/2
Special Counsel Mueller’s indictments are further proof that Vladimir Putin directed a campaign to interfere with our elections, with the goal of tipping the outcome. Given these indictments, @realDonaldTrump should implement the sanctions that Congress passed immediately. 1/2
Been asking  the Trump admin for over a year to crack down on China’s predatory practices on aluminum &amp; steel. Hope @CommerceGov recs are the beginning of efforts by this admin to finally get tough on China &amp; level the playing field for US steel &amp; aluminum producers &amp; workers. https://t.co/lvSOdQ0VFN
At long last Rochester’s new high-tech business incubator is open for business! NextCorps Business Accelerator is the launching pad to spur new jobs &amp; push ROC’s next generation of companies to new heights.
This vote is proof that @realDonaldTrump's plan will never become law. If he would stop torpedoing bipartisan efforts, a good bill would pass.
Heading to vote now. We owe it to the Dreamers to act.
The Dreamers pledged allegiance to our flag, built families &amp; careers, served in our military. And despite their status, despite the fear that comes with living in the shadows, they strived to make a successful life in this country. What can be more American than that?
Pres Washington famously called the Senate the cooling saucer for our politics – that can show the nation bipartisanship, compromise &amp; progress. The Senate can do that today. So let’s do our jobs &amp; say to Dreamers that the Senate believes America has a place for them, too.
Another shooting in our schools, today at Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. Yes, our children are resilient, but this is not a burden they should ever have to bear. My heart aches for these children &amp; their families. #StopGunViolence
.@SenateDems are focused like a laser on finding a bipartisan bill that can pass the Senate to protect the #Dreamers. Moderate @SenateGOP are too. 

The one person who seems most intent on NOT getting a deal is @realDonaldTrump.
Sad to hear of the passing of Westchester’s Lois Bronz who broke several glass ceilings in her decades as a teacher, legislator, &amp; role model. An incredible life &amp; legacy. https://t.co/41TRAKiqBK
Somewhere in @UnionCollegeNY’s Nott Memorial the Jurassic Park theme plays... https://t.co/iv8ad5aWm9
It’s Brooklyn. 🥃 https://t.co/iVesHrXuZ8
We have the chance this wk to help #Dreamers finally become Americans, something more than 80% of Americans support, &amp; to improve border security, something Ds &amp; Rs have long supported. Like w/ the bipartisan budget, we can do it if we work together. MORE: https://t.co/bfPap58m27
.@BetsyDeVosED says she stands up for the rights of students -- just not transgender students. #Transrights https://t.co/zuzbM6hlpo
Exactly right @CherylDinolfo. We know how this flooding hurts our communities. The sooner we learn more about protecting the shoreline, the sooner we can prepare. https://t.co/SaJeGZACxd https://t.co/oqHRe2VhNS
.@SenateDems want to work in a bipartisan way to improve our infrastructure -we put fwd a plan that would expand access to high-speed internet, rebuild roads &amp; bridges, &amp; modernize our electric grid while creating millions of jobs. 

The #TrumpTolls plan falls short on all these.
.@realDonaldTrump's plan would result in #TrumpTolls across America. It relies on private companies or states to put up the lion's share of the money. But investors &amp; large banks will want projects that generate a profit, so they'll charge the middle-class hundreds/yr in tolls. https://t.co/EXECgCBAhy
If Americans want a picture of who President Trump works for, the combination of the #GOPTaxScam &amp; this #TrumpBudget make it crystal clear. He’s for the rich &amp; powerful at the expense of the middle class.
While corporations reap billions in tax giveaways, older Americans who at least knew if they got sick when they got older they’d be taken care of, now have to worry. Many others, including children &amp; working families, would be hurt by the #TrumpBudget as well.
Utterly astounding that 6 wks after slashing taxes on the wealthy &amp; biggest corps, creating a huge deficit, @realDonaldTrump asks older Americans &amp; middle-class Americans to make up the difference by slashing Medicare &amp; Medicaid.
.@SenateDems want to work in a bipartisan way to improve our infrastructure, &amp; our plan would expand access to high-speed internet, rebuild our roads &amp; bridges, &amp; modernize our electric grid while creating millions of good-paying jobs. @POTUS's plan falls short on all these.
.@realDonaldTrump's proposal would do very little to make our ailing infrastructure better, but would put unsustainable burdens on our local government &amp; lead to #TrumpTolls all over the country, all while undermining important protections like #BuyAmerica.
Congrats Chris! @mazdzer earns #TeamUSA our 2nd medal of the #Olympics2018 &amp; the 1st medal for a NYer!! https://t.co/wS5hyRGRk2
.@USDOT has got to wake up &amp; reinstate federal rule to to test for sleep apnea —too many lives are at stake! https://t.co/n3v7jq29le
.@realDonaldTrump’s double standard when it comes to transparency is appalling. The rationale for releasing the #NunesMemo, transparency, vanishes when it could show information that’s harmful to him. Millions of Americans are asking one simple question: what is he hiding?
.@SenatorCardin has repeatedly asked: “How many of Congress’ Russian sanctions has @POTUS enforced? None. Zero. It is the unanimous view of our entire intelligence community that Russia interfered in our elections, and will again. Yet @POTUS chooses to believe Mr. Putin.”
Meanwhile, @realDonaldTrump has utterly ignored the bipartisan Russian sanctions legislation...
As we investigate Russian meddling, we have to make sure witnesses are held accountable, &amp; the American people know exactly what happened. @ChrisCoons has been fighting to do just that. https://t.co/wVueOfahyn
.@RonWyden has pushed @USTreasury &amp; @stevenmnuchin1 to  help #FollowTheMoney from top Russian officials to the NRA. https://t.co/6LQglZFQOb
I agree with @RonWyden: “Congress needs to get to the bottom of what has happened to our democracy. But we’ve been stonewalled, particularly when it comes to following the money.” #DefendOurDemocracy
In the Finance Cmte, @RonWyden is working to #FollowtheMoney behind the Russian meddling. But the Trump Administration isn’t helping. We will keep asking @Stevenmnuchin1 to work with us to #DefendOurDemocracy https://t.co/PmlhDE2Pzk
Senators like @MarkWarner are working with GOP colleagues, taking action to #DefendOurDemocracy. Now we need the @WhiteHouse to join them. https://t.co/HiuIcFRQav
.@SenatorTomUdall is exactly right. We should choose county over politics every time. #DefendOurDemocracy https://t.co/h0qLpnesHu
Protecting our elections against Russia should not be a partisan issue. @SenBillNelson is absolutely right. We need to work together to #DefendOurDemocracy https://t.co/zRXop2n3ir
What is more important than the truth? Nothing. So what are @realDonaldTrump, his administration &amp; many House Republicans so afraid of when it comes to confronting Russia? https://t.co/XLCOz3OWvj
ICYMI - @SenateDems took to the Senate floor this week to talk about our govt’s respose to Russian meddling &amp; highlight their work to #DefendOurDemocracy WATCH: https://t.co/le2Bo4Qrr3
With the budget deal signed &amp; sealed, we have to keep our focus on the Russian interference in our elections, the investigation to get to the bottom of their meddling, &amp; our work to #DefendOurDemocracy.
One of my biggest concerns for Puerto Rico has been the damaged power grid, which NYers from @ConEdison have been working to repair. Our bill will bring an addl $2 billion specifically for Puerto Rico &amp; USVI to repair, improve, &amp; strengthen their electric grids.
Working with @NydiaVelazquez &amp; @RepJoseSerrano, our budget deal locked in over $89 Billion for recovery, repairs, &amp; future mitigation to help infrastructure, schools &amp; economic revitalization in communities impacted by disasters, including #PuertoRico &amp; the USVI
Relieved Congress finally came together to help our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico &amp; USVI. Too many families have been suffering for too long &amp; will finally see some relief. https://t.co/klMFST3H1V
What are Democrats fighting for? #ABetterDeal. Read more: https://t.co/2MBvVM1azd
To be clear: Americans actually do want and like investing in our children, our roads &amp; bridges, our community health centers, our family farmers &amp; the fight against the opioid epidemic.
Mr President, you should delete this tweet. Veterans are not wasteful. They are our best. https://t.co/ulQT8PVz5s
After a decade of cuts to prgms that help the middle class, we now have a dramatic reversal. Funding for education, infrastructure, fighting drug abuse, &amp; @NIH will all, for the first time in years, get very significant increases &amp; keep us on track to support American families.
Lea nuestro reporte sobre la "recompra de acciones." Las corporaciones estan usando los recortes de impuestos para beneficiar a accionistas, no a los trabajadores, como Trump y el GOP quieren hacerle creer.  https://t.co/2XYsjKRSvE @mariauxpen
Today I urged my colleagues to let this budget go forward, through both chambers &amp; onto the President’s desk, where President Trump seems ready to sign it. It will help America in so many ways. https://t.co/mqO6mXBkQ8
Stephanie fought for this funding. I’m proud that we can deliver it. https://t.co/F5ZMabuAZO
Our budget will also finally fund the opioid fight. @warsnotover, my #SOTU guest, is the mother of a veteran who became hooked on opioids in the depths of PTSD, who waited 16 mos for his 1st appointment at the VA but died from an overdose two wks before he could get treatment.
What does this budget really do? It provides billions to support for community health centers, child care, disaster relief, to rebuild &amp; improve veterans hospitals &amp; clinics, to lower prescription drug costs for seniors, to make college more affordable, &amp; to fix infrastructure.
.@SenateDems have argued that we need to fund our military AND our middle class programs. I am proud to say our budget does both.
The bill the Polish government just passed is a disappointing attempt to whitewash a painful history. I hope they reverse course. While we look to the future, we cannot deny the past. https://t.co/gwzcLjEVy0
While @POTUS threatens shutdowns &amp; stalemates, Congress has done the hard work of finding compromise &amp; consensus. We have reached a budget deal that neither side loves but both sides can be proud of. That’s compromise. That’s governing. We should do more of it.
The budget deal is a win for the American people. It will do so much good for our military, for so many middle-class Americans, and finally consign the arbitrary and pointless sequester caps to the ash heap of history. https://t.co/5AkwxOTUz6
This budget deal also includes long-awaited disaster relief for TX, LA, FL, Puerto Rico &amp; the USVI. This recovery aid could not come a moment too soon. @SenBillNelson worked so hard for both Florida &amp; Puerto Rico relief, as did so many others in our caucus.
With this agreement, we'll invest in surface transportation, wastewater, clean and safe drinking water, and rebuilding our nation's crumbling infrastructure. https://t.co/dZeBL5Rjt1
This deal increases funding for community health centers, which serve over 26.5 million Americans. @PattyMurray @SenatorTester &amp; @SenSanders &amp; many others have been champions for these community health centers, &amp; their work got this done. https://t.co/16jUZMnBrI
The budget deal will bring relief to folks caught in the grips of opioid addiction. https://t.co/13KLGaqMqv
Very pleased to announce alongside @SenateMajLdr that we have reached a two-year budget deal that will benefit our country in so many ways.
Heading to the floor with news on the budget. Tune in now: https://t.co/Q5Tl0fInfl
The Schiff memo is based on the same underlying docs as the partisan #NunesMemo, so there should be no question as to whether or not @realDonaldTrump will approve the new memo’s release. If he refuses, the American people will be forced to wonder: what is he trying to hide?
.@realDonaldTrump decided the public deserved to see the #NunesMemo before he’d even read it, so he ought to be similarly eager for the American people to see this memo. https://t.co/LAgsKRBVkF
Again, I urge @realDonaldTrump to #ReleasetheTruth &amp; remember this is a matter of fundamental fairness. https://t.co/FQ7wdXHE06
Mr. President, as a matter of fundamental fairness, after the release of the #NunesMemo, the Democratic memo spearheaded by @RepAdamSchiff should be immediately released. https://t.co/ykXmHvqDrC
CEOs are lining their pockets with tens of billions of dollars in corporate share buybacks.

Major corps like AT&amp;T, Wells Fargo &amp; Walmart are laying off American workers. 

But Speaker Ryan wants to brag about a $1.50 per week increase for workers. #GOPTaxScam https://t.co/HGYDEj8Ezf
The Nunes memo is partisan and misleading, simple as that. To use it as pretext for firing Deputy AG Rosenstein, Special Counsel Mueller or other DOJ leadership would be viewed as an attempt to obstruct justice in the Russia investigation. https://t.co/vqlZKkY94V
President Trump wants an immigration deal but he cannot follow the dictates of Mark Meadows and the Freedom Caucus. Their plan won’t get a majority in either house of Congress.
Wise words from an incredible, passionate New Yorker to kick off #BlackHistoryMonth. https://t.co/CaArZKs5uk
Instead, Speaker Ryan should insist on supporting the swift passage of legislation to protect Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation from political interference. 4/4
Under Speaker Ryan’s leadership, House GOP have not taken credible action to fully address Russia’s meddling in our democracy or protect our country from future cyber-attacks. 3/4
Speaker Ryan should immediately remove Rep. Nunes as chair of House Intel committee and rein in the House GOP. #RemoveNunes 2/4
It’s clear Rep. Devin Nunes and House GOP will stop at nothing to impede Meuller’s Russia probe and undermine the rule of law  – all as a means of protecting President Trump. 1/4 https://t.co/8hrIf6feYX
If @SpeakerRyan cares about the integrity of the House or the rule of law, he will put an end to this charade once &amp; for all. 2/2
It’s clear that Chairman Nunes will seemingly stop at nothing to undermine the rule of law &amp; interfere with the Russia probe. He’s been willing to carry the White House’s water, attack our law enforcement and intelligence officials, &amp; now to mislead his House colleagues. 1/2
As predicted, not a word in the #SOTU about Putin, his interference in our democracy, and the need to protect it before November 2018. Shameful. https://t.co/8ZgUfRr6Hv
Reminder for NYers: you can still sign up for health care! The deadline is today--go to https://t.co/FJC7SUdpcU, or call 1-855-355-5777 by 8pm.
https://t.co/pGIbBJ27pv
Awful to hear of my Republican colleagues' train accident. We're praying for the safety of everyone on the train and in the truck.
After a long and divisive year, many Americans were yearning for the President to present a unifying vision for the country. Unfortunately, his #SOTU address stoked the fires of division instead of bringing us closer together. #AYearOfTrump
I’ve really gotten to know Stephanie @warsnotover &amp; I couldn’t be more honored that she accepted my invitation to #SOTU. Please help share Daniel’s story &amp; her story tonight 3/3: https://t.co/rt6ntb2mk7
What do you need to know about Stephanie’s son Daniel? He served in the 82nd Airborne &amp; deployed to Afghanistan twice. He was a competitive fencer, an avid reader, an amazing friend, brother and son. 2/3 https://t.co/ELbDjCvzmg
I’d like to introduce you to Stephanie Keegan, from Somers, NY, who is joining me for #SOTU to tell her son Daniel’s story &amp; also hear from @realDonaldTrump about his plans to help service members, veterans &amp; those affected by the opioid epidemic. 1/3 https://t.co/3BKAeGPKc2
Good question from @SenWhitehouse - more from him &amp; @SenBlumenthal on the latest with the Russia investigation &amp; Russia sanctions, LIVE: https://t.co/RVlXr2mZc1 https://t.co/7ZJx1FZBqB
.@RepGosar, #Dreamers are not a threat; they represent the best of our country, and the majority of Americans and Congress stand behind them. Stop planting seeds of division and fear and instead get to work on finding a solution. #SOTU #HeretoStay
What are YOU hoping to hear about in @realDonaldTrump's #SOTU address tonight?
Any other President would have already made it their priority to take decisive action against Russia in their first year. But this President is paralyzed when it comes to Putin &amp; his cronies in Russia. @realDonaldTrump may not say “Russia sanctions” tonight, but he ought to.
Why is the President so afraid to sanction Putin, his associates, or other corrupt Russian actors and officials? Why is he giving Putin a free pass after he attacked our democracy? What is he so afraid of?
Why won’t @realDonaldTrump use the power given to him by a near unanimous vote in Congress to hold Russia accountable for its blatant transgressions against the American people?
There is no subject more worthy of a thorough &amp; unbiased investigation than Russia's attack on our elections. And yet, @realDonaldTrump &amp; his allies have waged a scorched-earth campaign to discredit the investigation in any way possible.
Here’s something the President should discuss tonight: Russia sanctions. #SOTU
They’re missing the step where they consult with the other side, work with the other side, earn their support. That’s the hard work of legislating in our democracy. But this Administration eschews hard work.
There has been hardly a shred of bipartisanship in the Trump era, despite many appeals for it. @POTUS &amp; the GOP seem to think that bipartisanship happens when one side puts together a bill and demands the support of the other side, with no negotiation or compromise.
There are two words we’d like President Trump to say tonight about the economy: #ThanksObama. We may never hear @realDonaldTrump say those words, but he ought to. #SOTU
Heading to the floor soon with my #TuesdayThoughts about #SOTU and what @POTUS isn't doing to stop Russia's assault on our democracy. Tune in: https://t.co/Q5Tl0fInfl
Doubt Putin’s trolls will retweet this one. They are too busy joining Trump’s allies pushing their #recklessrelease of the memo.  They don’t want to #releasethetruth.
What does it say about the Republican memo that the Kremlin is pushing it, more than they’re pushing anything else right now?
.@HouseGOP must also vote to release the memo prepared by @AdamSchiffCA &amp; let everyone judge both on the merits. Let both memos go forward. It would be absolute hypocrisy for House Republicans to release their memo and not allow Rep. Schiff to release his.
What will @realDonaldTrump say in his #SOTU tomorrow? Here's what I'll be listening for: https://t.co/QgoRF7vRtk
Attacks on women’s health care rights continue today in the Senate. This comes days after @POTUS said doctors can refuse to provide treatment to women, and months after he cut access to contraceptives. I’m voting NO. #NoAbortionBan https://t.co/kEkYs6OqYN
The lack of funding for community health centers - like the Syracuse Community Health Center where I was earlier today- is unconscionable &amp; unacceptable. Heading back to Washington to urge Congress to approve long term funding ASAP. https://t.co/3DO4znUz6D
Today the international community remembers the 6 million Jews and millions of others who were murdered during the Holocaust. We must never forget their stories and the lessons of what can happen when bigotry and hate fester unchecked. #NeverAgain #WeRemember https://t.co/wXBgaMnPR8
While @realDonaldTrump finally acknowledged that the Dreamers should be allowed to stay here and become citizens, he uses them as a tool to tear apart our legal immigration system and adopt the wish list that anti-immigration hardliners have advocated for for years. 2/2
As we have been urging him to do for months, the President has finally put pen to paper to show us where he stands on immigration. Unfortunately, this plan flies in the face of what most Americans believe. 1/2
There are 32,900 DACA recipients in New York. They’re young people in our schools but they’re also teachers, entrepreneurs and servicemembers who give back to our communities &amp; grow the economy. https://t.co/iZqMJoDPOJ
As of today 17,260 DACA recipients have lost their status &amp; live in constant fear of deportation from the only country they know as home. Congress must #ProtectDreamers. https://t.co/g5lpgDDZUc
The Republican attacks on the credibility of the FBI &amp; DOJ are playing right into Putin’s hands. They constitute an attack on democracy itself &amp; I urge the GOP &amp; the press to stop peddling delusions of secret societies and deep states and coup d’états.
Can you imagine the outrage on the right if President Obama’s message was being spread by WikiLeaks or Julian Assange or Kremlin sources?
The Republican campaign to attack the FBI has been joined by the same forces that interfered in the 2016 election – WikiLeaks, Julian Assange, and Russia. Just a few years ago those things were actually attacked by the GOP, particularly by the hard right. How things have changed.
The Republican Majority on the House Intelligence committee has manufactured a secret memo of partisan talking points, full of innuendo &amp; glaring omissions, intended to suggest widespread corruption at the Dept. of Justice &amp; the FBI.
The right has waged an aggressive &amp; coordinated attack on the integrity of the Special Counsel, and now that political smear campaign has bled into a spiraling &amp; delusional attack on the @FBI itself.
In 2016, @FBI was tasked with a mission of great importance to all Americans: investigating Russia’s interference in our elections. But ever since Special Counsel Mueller was appointed, the GOP &amp; right-wing media have been desperate to distract the nation from his investigation.
Important to remember, in the midst of a govt shutdown, the GOP - which used to be considered the "law &amp; order party"- continued their attack on our nation's top law enforcement agency, the @FBI.
He leaves a profound legacy and we are grateful beyond measure for his gifts to our city and our nation.
As a pastor and leader in Harlem he built affordable housing, challenged the pestilence of the drug culture, and never stopped his passionate pursuit for equality and racial justice -- even as he changed hearts and minds and inspired countless congregants to lead better lives.
As a civil rights leader at the very vanguard of the movement, at the most crucial time he pulled America away from hate and racism closer to its founding ideals.
My heart sinks to hear of Rev. Wyatt Tee Walker's passing. I was privileged to be welcomed many times to Canaan Baptist and to be inspired by his words, intellect and towering dignity.
It's time for the GOP to get real about who the #GOPTaxScam helps. HINT: it's not the middle class. https://t.co/BH5pvG0jui
.@pfizer announced a $10 billion buyback after the #GOPTaxScam, but it's hard to see how that will "trickle-down" as they'll no longer research treatments for Alzheimer’s or Parkinson’s, which will result in 300 layoffs. https://t.co/IFLHnq1Ky4
More proof of the #GOPTaxScam living up to its name? @BofA_News announced a $5 billion buyback, AND plans to start charging low-income customers for free checking. https://t.co/iA6lgfKYVX
After the #GOPTaxScam, @WellsFargo announced a $22 Billion stock buyback, while also announcing plans to close 800 branches by 2020. How much more proof of a tax scam do we need? https://t.co/lfQTatpMJY
After the #GOPTaxScam, corporations are announcing a slew of billion-dollar stock buyback programs, &amp; they come with a catch. @SenateMajldr won't come to the floor to report this. He'll only talk about bonuses.
.@Carrier continues to bleed jobs. They really are a metaphor. Contrary to what the #GOPTaxScam promised, the condition of the American worker is NOT getting better: https://t.co/QYkAZlRDJY
.@ATT said if #GOPTaxScam passed they'd create jobs. Well it did. But they didn't: https://t.co/w0kxkpzsRn
After #GOPTaxScam, @Macys's announced that it would be cutting 5,000 jobs: https://t.co/zEmTeuFtV0
After #GOPTaxScam, @KCCorp plans to cut up to 5,500 jobs &amp; close or sell about 10 plants: https://t.co/adFF6p6GlO
The GOP promised their massive corporate tax cut in the #GOPTaxScam would unleash unprecedented economic growth, raise wages &amp; boost jobs. Well -no surprise here- big corporations are NOT turning their new tax cut into jobs for the middle class.
To say allowing Dreamers to become Americans is "amnesty" is nasty; protecting Dreamers is our moral obligation. The eyes of America are on us to help them, and we must get the job done.
#Dreamers have been trying so hard to become Americans. They came across the border when they were little, now they're in our armed forces, our schools, our factories, our offices.
Every Democrat – all forty nine of us @SenateDems – supports DACA. Many of my Republican colleagues do as well. We certainly can find a bill that will get sixty votes here in the Senate.
The clock is ticking for #Dreamers. If we don’t solve this problem in 15 days, the Republicans are going to have to explain to dreamers what their plan is to prevent them from being deported.
Mazel Tov @SenDuckworth! We can't wait to welcome her to the Senate! https://t.co/7RjgdBy6FR
Soon, the govt will reopen, and we have a lot to do:
 
• #ProtectDreamers
• Write a budget
• Address health care, veterans, disaster relief, pensions &amp; the opioid epidemic.
 
The #TrumpShutdown will soon end, but the work goes on.
The GOP Majority now has 17 days to prevent #Dreamers from being deported.  In every possible way, urge your Senators to vote yes on our bipartisan compromise to #ProtectDreamers when it comes to the floor.
I expect @SenateMajLdr to fulfill his commitment to the Senate &amp; abide by this agreement. If he does not honor our agreement, he will have breached the trust of not only the Democratic Senators but the members of his own party as well.
I am confident that there are sixty votes in the Senate for a DACA deal. And now there is a real pathway to get a bill on the floor and through the Senate. It is a good solution and I will vote for it.
We will vote today to reopen the government, to continue negotiating a global agreement, with the commitment that, if an agreement is not reached by Feb 8th, the Senate will immediately proceed to consideration of legislation dealing with DACA. The process will be neutral &amp; fair.
Heading to give an update on the #TrumpShudown -the first real government shutdown ever to take place under unified control of Washington. Watch LIVE:  https://t.co/Q5Tl0fInfl
Getting people together -- that’s just about the opposite of what he’s done in these negotiations. That's why we're in this #TrumpShutdown. https://t.co/cYEuso8nXD
This will be called the #TrumpShutdown. There is no one who deserves the blame for the position we find ourselves in more than President Trump. https://t.co/WE3SH9TpRU
.@realDonaldTrump should heed his own words:
“if there is a shutdown I think it would be a tremendously negative mark on the president of the United States. He's the one that has to get people together.”  #TrumpShutdown https://t.co/pqbGAQf1Tx
Nobody wants to shut down the govt, not Dems, not the GOP. 
 
The only one who has ever rooted for a shutdown is @realDonaldTrump who said our country could use “a good shutdown” – only he could come up with that. But no shutdown can be good for the American people.
I support an idea floated by my @SenateGOP colleagues: pass a clean CR for a few days to give us a hard, final deadline &amp; keep both sides at the table. We’ll reach a deal that fully funds our military &amp; the opioid fight, CHIP, vets, pensions, disaster aid &amp; protects Dreamers.
We have been skating by on continuing resolution after continuing resolution for almost 6 months. First, we passed a 3-month CR, then a 2-wk CR, then a 1-month CR. Now we are offered another month-long delay of the inevitable. We can’t keep kicking the can down the road.
Democrats &amp; Republicans have been negotiating for months across several issues. A bipartisan deal is within reach &amp; now is the time to reach it. Now. Not a month from now.
There is a bipartisan budget deal on the table, but @realDonaldTrump won't take yes for an answer. https://t.co/WpP2ITQ4m0
24 HOURS LATER: are Republicans any closer to knowing what @realDonaldTrump will sign? https://t.co/Bl6rftcVuH
There is a STILL bipartisan deal from Sens Durbin &amp; Graham to protect Dreamers AND fund @POTUS’s full request for the WALL. @realDonaldTrump, it's time to take yes for an answer.
There is a bipartisan deal from @SenatorDurbin &amp; @LindseyGrahamSC that would protect Dreamers AND fund the president’s full budget request on the border. It’s time for @realDonaldTrump to take yes for an answer. 3/3
.@realDonaldTrump you promised these Dreamers “they shouldn’t be worried.” Well, Mr. President, they are terrified. 2/3 https://t.co/Cv2nocYFTX
Even Senator McConnell says @realDonaldTrump is stalling progress on DACA, so I’d like to remind the president of his commitment to Dreamers. 1/3 https://t.co/mmlLicc9Ee
A very fair, bipartisan deal remains on the table. @SenatorDurbin &amp; @GrahamBlog will release the text today. I recommend my GOP colleagues consider it &amp; we get on the bill. Then we can solve America's problems, not kick the can down the road.
The latest GOP proposal, here's what is doesn't do:

It doesn’t give help needed for our veterans who wait in line for service; it doesn’t fight opioid addiction, doesn’t help our pensioners, and it doesn’t give Defense what it needs either. It’s a loser.
What leads to a #governmentshutdown? One side deciding everything and then saying to the other side: you must go along.
Heading to the floor now to speak about the budget negotiations and the bipartisan path forward on #DACA &amp; border security that could avoid a #governmentshutdown. Watch LIVE here: https://t.co/Q5Tl0fInfl
Heading to the floor now to join @SenSherrodBrown @SenStabenow &amp; others in the fight to #SavePensions. https://t.co/6p5pwCz3bQ
Working-class Americans &amp; communities of color have been hardest hit by @POTUS’ political games. Read more: https://t.co/PbPzmaPzZv
.@realDonaldTrump &amp; Congressional GOP have sabotaged our healthcare system for past yr to score political pts, raising costs &amp; leaving millions more uninsured. New data shows the # of uninsured Americans went up last yr, after reaching a low in 2016. https://t.co/FXGATIQjC1
When we force a vote on our #NetNeutrality CRA, Republicans in Congress will – for the first time -- have the opportunity to right the administration’s wrong &amp; show the American people whose side they’re on: big ISPs &amp; major corp OR consumers, entrepreneurs, &amp; small biz owners.
BREAKING: Our legislation to overturn the @FCC’s recent vote to repeal the #NetNeutrality rule now has the support of all 49 @SenateDems. We WILL force a vote to #SaveNetNeutrality! https://t.co/FilVHmPjjQ
Joined the Delta Sigma Theta Queens Alumnae Chapter @DSTQuAC at the United Negro College Fund #MLKDay Breakfast. Loved seeing you all! https://t.co/wMB8FqaQuR
Today we pause &amp; honor the great Dr. King. May we find more of him in ourselves &amp; others this year. #MLKDay https://t.co/fJyXJZuudW
To impugn @SenatorDurbin's integrity is disgraceful. Whether you agree with him on the issues or not, he is one of the most honorable members of the Senate.
@PattyMurray @SecretaryZinke New York deserves the same level of protection as @SecretaryZinke is giving our fellow Americans in Florida.
@PattyMurray @SecretaryZinke .@PattyMurray is right. The Trump admin’s proposal to open up vast swaths of the coast – including off Long Island &amp; NYC – for reckless oil drilling can be summed up as: spill, baby, spill. Any accident off this coast would be devastating to our beaches, fishing industry &amp; more. https://t.co/rgnXgkGLiD
There's one word for this kind of behavior: shameful. https://t.co/q1PKK2niN3
We must settle the fate of #Dreamers &amp; as the meeting at the White House showed, passing DACA protections into law is within reach. But if @SpeakerRyan &amp; the hard right in the House coalesce behind @RepGoodlatte’s proposal on #DACA, then we’ll have no deal.
.@SenateDems are leading the fight against the opioid epidemic. We will not turn our backs on our constituents who'll benefit most from funding lifesaving treatment &amp; prevention programs. https://t.co/yPaOsWg21b
Bipartisan passage of the INTERDICT Act was a major step in fighting the opioid crisis. Now we need the President's signature on that bill, &amp; an agreement on the budget. https://t.co/Pfbk3iAQ75
Federal funding, made possible by the 21st Century Cures Act, helps communities combat the opioid crisis by supporting lifesaving prevention, treatment &amp; recovery programs. Congress MUST double down on this effort as part of the budget deal.
In the Capital Region, in 2016, there were 111 opioid-related deaths, up 5% from 2015 and in the North Country, in both 2016 &amp; 2015, there were 59 opioid-related deaths.
In 2016, there were 340 opioid-related deaths in the Hudson Valley  -up 15% from 2015- and 343 opioid-related deaths in Western New York -up 11%.
In the Southern Tier in 2016, there were 125 opioid-related deaths, an increase of 39% from 2015
In the Rochester &amp; Finger Lakes region, in 2016, there were 172 opioid-related deaths, a 45% increase from 2015.
In Central New York, in 2016, there were 242 opioid-related deaths, an increase of 53% from just one year before.
For months my colleagues &amp; I have been insistent that any budget agreement include key funding to reverse the spike in opioid deaths. This is a national emergency that’s taken the lives of far too many Americans.
.@SecretaryZinke's political flip flop on Florida has only deepened our resolve to defend our precious waters &amp; coastal communities. If it's wrong for Florida, it's wrong for other states too. https://t.co/dYFTCichi2
Everybody agrees that Russia interfered in our election in 2016, but what this report so clearly shows is that Russia has been interfering across the globe for years and will absolutely not stop without a unified counter. Read more from @SenatorCardin: https://t.co/sVJOX6IvRl
I applaud @SenFeinstein for her commitment to sharing the truth with the American people. We must avoid partisan distractions &amp; diversions from the Russia investigation.
@SenatorTester @SenSherrodBrown @SenatorDurbin @SenStabenow @SenatorHassan @SenateDems We must provide aid to disaster-stricken areas of our country still recovering &amp; rebuilding from storms, hurricanes &amp; wildfires: Texas, Florida, Louisiana, California &amp; the western states, Puerto Rico &amp; the USVI. American citizens need our help &amp; we must reach an agreement. https://t.co/pHnBRJICzT
The only way to guarantee peace of mind &amp; legal status for the #Dreamers is to pass DACA protections into law. A resolution to the #DACA issue must be part of a global deal on the budget.
Let me be VERY clear: this ruling last night in no way diminishes the urgency of resolving the DACA issue. On this, we agree with @WhiteHouse, who says the ruling doesn’t do anything to reduce Congress’ obligation to address this problem now. https://t.co/lsUPHeETLI
Standing w/ @SenJackReed, @SenSherrodBrown, @SenatorShaheen to talk about Democrats’ domestic funding priorities in the ongoing spending bill negotiations. LIVE: https://t.co/pZ4M8rNoTo https://t.co/Uud4Eywbnn
Did you know @realDonaldTrump’s administration would rather spend $18B on a wall than:
-upgrade border surveillance aircraft, 
-hire new CBP officers,
-fund video surveillance with infrared cameras?
Remember when he said Mexico would pay for the wall? https://t.co/ktJfTLg7as
Exactly @SarahHuckabee https://t.co/6nInqFu9kV https://t.co/mvNqD2Dlxq
Re-upping. https://t.co/7qlhY9AMMl
When we force a vote on the #NetNeutrality CRA, the American people will see whose side Republicans are on.
You better believe Democrats will make #NetNeutrality a major issue in 2018.
Eliminating #NetNeutrality &amp; a fair &amp; #openinternet undermines entrepreneurs &amp; crowds out creativity. That's why we're gonna force a vote. https://t.co/9vhaJcoxEg
@realDonaldTrump Meanwhile Trump Administration wants to cut back smart border security measures to pay for their wall. READ:
https://t.co/XQ6OS1yg2k
Why can't we reach a deal on DACA? Because of @realDonaldTrump's insistence on a completely ineffective &amp; absurdly expensive border wall as a part of any deal.
@SenateDems More LIVE from the floor: https://t.co/eAufClMRbx
More on our negotiations &amp; @SenateDems fight for the programs families need more soon on the Senate Floor: https://t.co/Q5Tl0fInfl
Why can't the GOP come to a budget agreement? Surely my Republican friends can’t be concerned about the deficit, not after adding over $1.5 trillion in red ink to give a tax break to the richest Americans &amp; the biggest corporations.
Republicans will rue the day they passed this “America-last tax policy” #GOPTaxScam
https://t.co/Z23InqoM1f
The Trump Administration’s decision will separate families, hurt communities &amp; local economies, &amp; betray our values as a country of refuge for those in need. I stand with all marching &amp; gathering against it. #SaveTPS
The administration’s decisions to end TPS for 200k + Salvadorans is heartless &amp; reckless. Some of these people have lived in the U.S. for close to 2 decades, they have deep ties to their community, jobs, &amp; children who were born in this country. We must #SaveTPS
Moms like Stephanie shouldn't have to bury their sons. They also shouldn't have to demand their gov't fund the programs that could save others' lives. #opioids #MondayMotivation https://t.co/3yieAgFgEb
Back in Washington ready to get to work. Our MUST DO this week: make sure we support the men &amp; women in uniform AND fund the programs American families rely on. https://t.co/fMXbHEcn8V
Which @NewEraCap to wear today? Definitely this one. #GoBills #LetsGoBuffalo @buffalobills #BillsMafia https://t.co/anvP1IpR86
@POTUS @CustomsBorder As a major port of entry, JFK International Airport should be amongst the first locations to receive @CustomsBorder’s new high-tech drug scanners once this bill is signed into law.
Illicit fentanyl shipped to the U.S. from abroad through mail &amp; express consignment carriers is fueling the opioid epidemic. @POTUS must sign INTERDICT Act &amp; help @CustomsBorder fight back.
I believe that the States should continue to be the labs of democracy when it comes to recreational &amp; medical marijuana. Jeff, this is one place where states’ rights works. Let each state decide.
The Attorney General’s decision to rescind the Cole memo was a very bad one &amp; I oppose it.
Americans are depending on the upcoming budget deal to beat back the opioid scourge &amp; bring better access to outpatient treatment services &amp; recovery &amp; other support programs. @SenateDems believe anyone battling drug addiction should have the resources they need to recover. https://t.co/gL4iFQBCem
Just a few weeks ago the @CDCgov released a report that says life expectancy in the U.S. has fallen for the second year in a row. And one of the big reasons? Drug overdose deaths. https://t.co/NA6bdGDo93
This CRA will restore #NetNeutrality &amp; undo the evil repeal of it by the @FCC. Everyone, everyone, everyone deserves the same access, &amp; should get behind our CRA &amp; push to restore #NetNeutrality! https://t.co/eFkctgQwcb
Another one of the many, many, many reasons Congress must pass a disaster aid package that treats all states &amp; territories -like #PuertoRico- fairly, giving the people necessary relief. https://t.co/GelWwwH0d3
ICYMI: Alabama's newest Senator was sworn in this week - make sure you're following @SenDougJones! #SenateDems #FF https://t.co/Hr4GrQMmLS
No community, city or state is immune to the opioid epidemic. It takes parents, children, teachers, first responders, heroes &amp; friends. More on why the gov't MUST help fund the fight from Westchester starting soon.
This regulation is simply a roundabout attempt to allow for the sale of junk insurance, which would actually up out-of-pocket costs for many, particularly leaving older Americans &amp; those with pre-existing conditions with utterly unaffordable health care costs &amp; fewer choices. https://t.co/44XUAwa5OV
Another clear example that @POTUS &amp; his admin will stop at nothing to sell out our oceans &amp; lands to highest bidder:  https://t.co/xU2keoHKzy
Speaking LIVE on the Senate Floor - tune in: https://t.co/Oy1mmcmalK https://t.co/9mexqrpdXx
This shows that ill-founded proposals that just appeal to a narrow group of people won’t work, and we hope they’ll learn this lesson elsewhere.
The commission never had anything to do with election integrity. It was instead a front to suppress the vote, perpetrate dangerous and baseless claims, and was ridiculed from one end of the country to the other.
We had a positive &amp; productive meeting &amp; all parties have agreed to continue discussing a path forward to quickly resolve all of the issues ahead of us.
And my GOP colleagues should no longer be given a pass if they fail to speak out – or take action – against this behavior. Their silence is complicity in the degradation of the Presidency.
President Trump can no longer be given the benefit of the doubt that comes with learning one of the toughest jobs in the world.
President Trump’s foreign-policy-by-tweet is doing serious damage to the country. My Republican friends, the time is now to stand up &amp; say to President Trump: stop tweeting &amp; start leading.
Congrats to our newest Senators @SenTinaSmith and Senator Doug Jones! https://t.co/7SNLPzQqFN
We have two weeks to negotiate a budget deal that must also address a host of other items, #ExtendCHIP, community health centers, disaster aid, and of course, the #Dreamers. Heading to the floor soon to discuss in depth. Watch LIVE: https://t.co/Q5Tl0fInfl
The opioid crisis is stealing our youth. Rick shared his son Jamie's story with us just a few weeks ago, and we're back today fighting for families like his. https://t.co/kquFtO0JC8
.@SenateDems are back in Washington, laser-focused on what’s important to the middle class: fighting the opioid crisis, supporting America’s veterans, &amp; protecting the pensions American workers have earned.
The Iranian people should have the right to protest without fear of intimidation &amp; violence from their own government. #IranProtest
.@buffalobills fans are proving once again why they live in the City of Good Neighbors. What an outstanding way to show their gratitude to @andydalton14. #GoBills https://t.co/HtC9A5gJwF
Starting 2018 off right with some great food &amp; great conversation with Long Islanders at the Park City Diner! #happynewyear https://t.co/cQiuyxZAmt
The last time the @buffalobills were in the playoffs, I was a freshman senator at the end of my first year in office. I may have lost some hair, but the fans in WNY have never lost faith. #GoBills
First time in 17 years, the @buffalobills are headed to the playoffs! Let’s go BUFFALO!
To @Giants owners John Mara and Steve Tisch: Because of talent and loyalty, PLEASE keep Eli and draft a new offensive line. Line, not Eli, is the problem. #GiantsPride #WASvsNYG
I hope some of my Republican colleagues will read this excellent oped by conservative columnist Bret Stephens: https://t.co/bVoOOOmu5z
Praying for those NYers we lost in the tragic fire in the Bronx tonight, those fighting for their lives &amp; the @FDNY &amp; 1st responders there at the scene who saved so many.
Look at all the companies that are already using their #TrumpTax break for stock buybacks that do nothing to help average Americans: https://t.co/OBdT6dtVrM
From ‘08-‘15, @ATT paid an avg tax rate of 8% but the company now has tens of thousands fewer employees. Tax breaks don’t lead to job creation, they lead to big CEO salaries &amp; money for the very, very wealthy. https://t.co/SMChXlULEm
.@ATT celebrated the #GOPTaxScam’s tax windfall for corporations, saying it will boost the economy &amp; create jobs, then turned around &amp; laid off over 1,000 workers. Proof positive this #TrumpTax helps big corps &amp; the wealthy &amp; leaves the middle class behind. https://t.co/SMChXlULEm
Saddened to hear of the passing of news icon Irv Weinstein. He was a Buffalo news legend, and he will be missed. #Buffalove @WKBW
.@realDonaldTrump’s Christmas Eve pronouncement from Mar-a-Lago: Santa to the Rich, Scrooge to the poor:  https://t.co/jcyF3ulsws
Today, the President gave himself an early Christmas present - an estimated $11 million tax cut. Who paid for it? My middle class constituents in New York. https://t.co/FoMAXyWXY7
What’s the #GOPTaxBill worth? To @realDonaldTrump, $11 Million. https://t.co/pX6hV5rX2s
It’s not just @POTUS who’ll gain millions from the #GOPTaxScam. His #SwampCabinet will benefit too: https://t.co/8FKFgaVjKi
The GOP rushed their tax bill through from the start, ignoring the concerns of the American public. My office has heard from over 65,000 NYers on the tax bill in the past 2 months, here’s where they stand:

94.1% 👎
5.8% 👍
The #GOPTaxScam will overwhelmingly benefit millionaires and billionaires like these ⬇️ https://t.co/oD6bmys9f3
There are only two places where America is popping champagne over the #GOPTaxScam: The @WhiteHouse &amp; the corporate boardrooms, including Trump Tower.
The #GOPTaxScam does not sit well with the American people right now, &amp; it won't sit well with them next year either. https://t.co/PSWyzOLTdW
Today it's clear as day: Republicans stand with the wealthiest few - not with the middle class. #GOPTaxScam
My deepest condolences to the Jahnes family and also to the Nyack Fire Department and the Rockland community for their terrible loss. https://t.co/gEOHe3wy7u
I believe the entire Republican Party, will come to rue the day they voted for the #GOPTaxScam.
Yet again, Republicans showed their only priority is to give the richest few a bigger piece of the pie.
I plead w/ my GOP colleagues: Vote no &amp; prevent taxes from going up on mils of middle-class families. Vote no &amp; stop 13M Americans from going w/out health insurance. Vote no so we don’t add $1.5 trillion to the deficit. Vote no &amp; have bipartisan debate befitting the US Senate.
.@SenateGOP: in poll after poll after poll, the American people overwhelmingly oppose this tax bill. https://t.co/zDZS2hrK7E
The AARP believes the #GOPTaxBill is such a menace that they were compelled to oppose it publicly. https://t.co/SBeyxrw8H2
What a disgrace. That's what this bill is. It's an absolute disgrace. There is no reason for a single middle-class family to pay more while every single corporation pays less.
What are Mr. Mueller’s discreditors so afraid of? It’s obvious, when you are afraid of the result, you attack the process.
Mr. Mueller is one of the most trusted &amp; respected public servants. He’s as straight a shooter as they come. Impugning his motives &amp; calling his investigation a “witch hunt” or a “coup” is frankly hysterical.
Over the past several months, the investigation &amp; the FBI have been the target of a smear campaign by Republicans in the media &amp; by several Republicans in Congress to discredit the investigator &amp; the investigation itself, by falsely painting it as biased or partisan.
Special Counsel’s investigation is an impt one for our democracy. We have to get to the bottom of what happened &amp; find out how Russia was able to wage a successful info campaign to influence our election &amp; to what extent it was in coordination w/ anyone from the Trump campaign.
The @WhiteHouse should now withdraw Mr. Garrett’s nomination &amp; quickly nominate a chair that will fulfill the mission of the Ex-Im bank, &amp; in the meantime, @SenateMajLdr should quickly to confirm the 5 pending Ex-Im noms &amp; restore a quorum so that the bank can fully operate.
If there was ever somebody who didn’t belong at the helm of the Ex-Im bank, it was Scott Garrett. W/ this bipartisan rejection of Mr. Garrett, millions of Americans whose jobs &amp; small businesses rely on the bank can breathe a sigh of relief. https://t.co/1kPoM3Rvwe
Tomorrow, Republicans will have a chance to vote down the #GOPTaxBill, which is one of the least popular pieces of legislation in the last 30 years. If they do, they’ll find a Democratic party that’s willing to work with them on real, bipartisan tax reform.
The GOP's tax bill is a cynical one-two gut punch to the middle class – raise their taxes to pay for corporate tax cuts &amp; then decimate their earned benefits as a kicker.
Know this: the #GOPTaxScam will explode the deficit, starving our investments in ed, infrastructure &amp; research. After all that, it will endanger #SocialSecurity, Medicare &amp; Medicaid, when, a few yrs down the line, the GOP slashes those prgms to pay for the deficit they created.
At a time when our economy is stacked against the middle class &amp; in favor of the wealthy, #GOPTaxScam will skew the playing field even more &amp; will explode inequality in a country where the top 1% already capture &gt;20% of the national income, while the bottom 50% take in only 13%.
It appears the #GOPTaxScam will be before us for a final vote early this week. It will be the culmination of the sloppiest legislative process I’ve witnessed in my time as a Senator. Fittingly, the result will be a mess as well.
My heart breaks for all affected by the derailment in DuPont, WA. While we’re learning more about the crash, we are deeply grateful to all the first responders who rushed to the scene in DuPont to help those on the Amtrak &amp; on I-5.
There have been very few men who have done as much for Buffalo as Bob Wilmers has done. He was a brilliant banker &amp; a thoroughly decent, caring man. My wife &amp; I have spent many happy hours together with Bob &amp; his wife. The loss is the Wilmers family’s, Buffalo’s &amp; America’s.
#AmericanDreamer &amp; Brooklynite Augustin is currently studying criminal justice, but his DACA expires in January. He needs the #DreamActNow so that he can continue studying.
As of today 12,398 DACA recipients have lost their status. We must pass the #DreamActNow &amp; protect #AmericanDreamers https://t.co/jr0A62nFMb
The #GOPTaxBill is great for corporations &amp; the wealthy, but hikes taxes on the middle class, especially in the suburbs. #GOPTaxScam https://t.co/48h8RnzXxe
Tax hikes for millions of middle class families ➕ huge tax breaks for wealthy &amp; corporations = Even better odds the House &amp; Senate become Democratic in 2018
Looking forward to joining everyone in just a few minutes! https://t.co/eREg06h94w
@FCC Congress must act. That's why I am throwing my full support behind a resolution to restore the 2015 Open Internet Order &amp; put our much-needed #netneutrality rules back in place.
Repealing #NetNeutrality rules was like a last minute Christmas gift from the @FCC to the biggest players in the internet market. Yesterday, the FCC tied the bow with their disastrous vote.
Looks like you missed one… https://t.co/JoSRpNxr88 https://t.co/zac7Iwnee8
Nancy, 52
Dawn, 47
Rachel, 29
Anne Marie, 52
Mary, 56
Vicki, 27
Lauren, 30
Olivia, 6
Benjamin, 6
Allie, 6
Catherine, 6
Grace, 7
Avielle, 6
Jessica, 6
Emilie, 6
Jesse, 6
Chase, 7
Ana, 6
Josephine, 7
Daniel, 7
James, 6
Caroline, 6
Dylan, 6
Jack, 6
Charlotte, 6
Madeleine, 6
Noah, 6
Just like in the #GOPTaxScam &amp; now on #NetNeutrality the Trump administration is picking CEOs over citizens, thwarting the desires of millions of Americans who sent comments to the @FCC asking that they #SaveNetNeutrality.
If #NetNeutrality is eliminated, the Internet may start to resemble a toll road, with the highest bidders cruising along private “fast lanes” while the rest of us inch along a single, traffic-choked public lane.
President Trump’s appointed chairman of the @FCC, @AjitPaiFCC, is on the verge of eliminating #NetNeutrality – bringing to an end the free &amp; open internet that has enabled so many successful companies &amp; created so many jobs.
We depend on a free &amp; #openinternet to spur innovation &amp; job creation. Our economy works best when innovators, entrepreneurs &amp; business of all sizes compete on a level playing field. #NetNeutrality, very simply, says that everyone deserves the same, fair access to the internet.
Well, my #SecretSanta really did his homework. Thanks for the cereal @SenJohnBarrasso! https://t.co/L0VmgDOwQq
Brittany is a nurturing caregiver of two 14-month old twins and a #Dreamer whose #DACA &amp; work authorization expired on December 7th. Brittany is 1 of 122 Dreamers who lose DACA status per day. Read her story here: https://t.co/J43GkedcJU
122 DACA recipients lose their status every day. That’s what happened to Brittany. She is a nurturing caregiver of two 14-month old twins and lost her status on December 7th. #DreamActNow https://t.co/45X4cQrtXB
Thrilled to join @SenateDems in congratulating Alabama’s next Senator @GDouglasJones! https://t.co/zijpFc9KDq
In 2010, Leader McConnell said that it would be “gamesmanship” to pursue big-ticket legislation before Scott Brown was seated. We hope he will do as Senator Reid did &amp; honor the wishes of the people of Alabama this year. https://t.co/JNCDwdm8yC
Today, @SenateDems are calling on Leader McConnell to hit pause on his tax bill, &amp; not hold a final vote on it until Doug Jones is sworn into the Senate.

That’s exactly what Republicans argued when Scott Brown was elected in 2010. https://t.co/UebmqMVwxm
Joining workers &amp; @HouseDemocrats &amp; @SenateDems today to fight for pensions &amp; demand Congress meets its obligation to American workers. Watch LIVE: https://t.co/FLD60mZoGv https://t.co/VljPOvnhsH
After NJ, VA, &amp; now Alabama, it’s clear how America feels about the GOP rushing thru the #GOPTaxScam. The GOP should listen, slow down &amp; help the American ppl.
Roy Moore was an awful candidate &amp; should never have gotten to the Senate. But make no mistake, just like in VA, Dems are energized, focused more on the middle class &amp; those struggling to get there, &amp; things are looking better &amp; better for 2018.
Doug Jones will be an outstanding Senator who will represent Alabama well. He was a great candidate and will be an even better Senator.
Tonight from my office in Washington, wishing everyone a very #HappyHanukkah https://t.co/y3zo2LwTtN
The President's tweet today was nasty &amp; unbecoming of a president. @SenGillibrand is an outstanding member of the Senate, &amp; @realDonaldTrump needs to cut it out with the tweeting, period. He should stop tweeting &amp; start leading.
Under the @FCC proposal, your access to the internet could be blocked, slowed down, or manipulated.  That’s not a free &amp; #openinternet. #SaveNetNeutrality
Today I joined @SenBillNelson &amp; @SenateDems in writing @FCC Chairman @AjitPaiFCC, urging him to abandon his reckless plan to radically alter the free &amp; open internet as we know it. #SaveNetNeutrality
👍 https://t.co/4fI4xsKzMh
The nomination of Leonard Grasz is indicative of the new Republican playbook: if you don’t like the message, shoot the messenger. If you don’t like what the @ABAesq is saying about your judicial candidates, call it partisan – even if you praised its judgment just months ago.
.@SenateMajLdr once likened a well-qualified rating from @ABAesq to “getting straight A+’s on your report card.” Now the GOP is singing a much different tune as two of President Trump’s judicial nominations have received unanimously not-qualified ratings.
Leonard Grasz is just the third judicial nominee since 1989 to be unanimously deemed “not qualified” by the @ABAesq. A panel of nonpartisan, legal experts unanimously concluded that this man is not fit to be a judge. What else do my colleagues need to know?
This evening, the Senate will vote on whether or not we should consider the nomination of Leonard Grasz to be a judge on the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals.
Let’s be clear: no amount of fake math can change the fact that the #GOPTaxBill will be a boon to the wealthiest Americans &amp; largest corporations all while increasing taxes for millions of middle-class families &amp; leaving 13 million Americans without healthcare.
.@USTreasury's #GOPTaxScam“analysis” is nothing more than a page of fake math. It’s clear @WhiteHouse &amp; GOP are grasping at straws to prove the unprovable &amp; garner votes for a bill that will blow up the deficit &amp; generate almost no additional economic activity to make up for it.
Thankful for the quick response of @NYPDnews, @PANYNJ PD, @FDNY &amp; Bomb Squad at the Port Authority this am. As we learn more about what happened, it is a startling reminder why the “see something, say something” campaign is so important to keeping our city safe.
Congrats to the @HaiderAlAbadi, the Iraqi military &amp; @CJTFOIR for their committed &amp; steadfast work.  Many innocent lives have been lost &amp; more work is required to eliminate terrorists in the region, but today is an important day in the fight against an evil &amp; twisted enemy. https://t.co/cBMvCAdjRl
.@USDOT’s out-of-thin-air decision to scrap consumer protection proposals on bag fees, missing wheelchairs &amp; more is nothing more than a Christmas gift to the airlines who will now rake in even more profit.  https://t.co/NogAo6lQkr
It’s #SundayMorning, do you have some time to #GetCovered? Visit https://t.co/n6WmsIabKw before time runs out! https://t.co/JPnUEL3zwP
Got weekend plans? Better #GetCovered - it’s the last weekend to sign up for 2018 health coverage before the 12/15 deadline. Visit https://t.co/n6WmsIabKw now! https://t.co/nkwpqLuHNr
An absolutely terrific morning in Hudson Falls. Can't wait to see &amp; hear all that happens in the New Year! https://t.co/NxCByKEfMi
I've always said that Senators who stay in Washington &amp; never return home are simply not doing their job. That’s why I go to the street fairs, parades, grads &amp; all kinds of public events &amp; why I'm proud to have completed my 19th "62 County Tour" today.
Wages. Wages. Wages. Our focus must remain on ensuring that middle class Americans see the benefit of our strong economy. No one should pat themselves on the back until everyone is taking home more pay, not just those at the top.  #JobsReport
Democrats cont. to press for action on the urgent, bipartisan priorities: strengthening our natl defense w/ parity for our domestic budget, funding veterans, the opioid epidemic, CHIP &amp; Community Health Centers, saving Americans’ endangered pensions, &amp; passing the DREAM Act.”
We had a productive conversation on a wide variety of issues at the @WhiteHouse today. Nothing specific has been agreed to on the end-of-year bill to fund the government, but discussions continue.
The #GOPTaxScam was muscled through Congress with such reckless haste; we're still finding errors &amp; unintended consequences. Even GOP tax officials say so: https://t.co/XRGz7FRAPs
First the #GOPTaxScam, then cuts to Medicare. What won't the GOP do to make it even harder in America to access affordable healthcare and retire with dignity? https://t.co/X7pg4mtYIu
On the #DreamAct, as @SenatorDurbin said yday, we are making progress in talks with the GOP &amp; I hope we can reach an agreement soon. Democrats support real border security &amp; will happily join with Republicans to pass legislation to secure our border in exchange for the Dream Act.
Our veterans deserve better. People seeking recovery from opioid addiction deserve better. Hard-working pensioners deserve better. We must do both of these things - support the military and programs that create jobs and economic growth here at home - in equal measure.
Nobody wants to see a shutdown. But without an agreement that covers defense AND economic development, programs to combat the opioid crisis, shore up pension plans, support veteran's health care, relieve student loan debt, and build rural infrastructure could see a cut.
Update: Congressional negotiators are making good headway on a budget deal that would meet our commitments to our military &amp; urgent priorities here at home.  I hope this progress continues but it's in stark contrast to @POTUS who again said yesterday: "a shutdown could happen."
¿Eres un mesero? Una nueva propuesta de Trump permitiría que tus empleadores compartan tus propinas, lo cual abriría la puerta a que tus jefes se queden con tu dinero. #TipTheft https://t.co/r9FPMUQOf7
Are you a server? A new Trump proposal would allow employers to require you to share tips &amp; opens the door for employers to keep tips for themselves. #TipTheft https://t.co/2n3dy8QqUr
Today we remember the heroes of #PearlHarbor &amp; hold those we lost &amp; their families in our hearts. Thank you for your service &amp; sacrifice. #PearlHarborDay https://t.co/F3Cqjd3umk
Huge congrats to #SiemensComp winners &amp; Long Islanders from @OfficialHHHCSD Aroobah, Jiachen &amp; Jillian. These 16yr olds are changing the world. #STEM @sfoundation https://t.co/YIcNOJYgle
We can't let our national monuments be altered like this. They are #MonumentsForAll. Join the fight to #KeepItPublic &amp; make your voices heard. https://t.co/QZe2NDgCdg
CEOs have made no secret of their intention to spend a coming tax windfall on executive bonuses, stock buybacks and dividends. This move by @BankofAmerica is hardly surprising, and is sadly likely just the beginning.
Big corporations can smell the huge tax cut they have coming, and rather than raising workers’ pay or hiring new workers, they’re buying back stock and prepping huge dividend payments.
.@BankofAmerica’s decision to increase the size of their stock buyback by $5 billion is yet another signal that the #GOPTaxScam is going to line the pockets of wealthy investors, rather than raising wages for workers.
Hooray for the 2018 Olympic Committee. Putin is a bully &amp; the only way to stop him is to stand up to him. https://t.co/158Q7cLOcQ
In the rush to get a crumb for small business owners, the Republicans are giving a whole big nice chocolate layer cake to the wealthy. It's wrong. #GOPTaxScam
What were Republicans working on in the waning hours last week? Not trying to figure out how to help families, not reducing the impact it would have on our deficit – they were busy making tax cuts for the wealthy more generous.
The #GOPTaxScam is toxic &amp; unpopular. More on what it means for the middle class LIVE: https://t.co/3iOTAXalfx
My offices across NY &amp; in DC just closed for the night, but we got nearly 400 calls today from NYers opposing the #GOPTaxBill. There's still time for the GOP to admit how much better a bill we could produce through a bipartisan, transparent process &amp; start over with us.
New analysis on #GOPTaxScam - now that everyone has had time to read it - turns out their bill RAISES taxes on 62% of middle income taxpayers within 10 years. https://t.co/YN3jhNlhmh
To diminish our commitment to protecting the natural landscapes and historic places of this country from ruin by exploitation or pollution would constitute a breach of our responsibility both to those who founded this nation and those who will inherit it.
Deeply troubled by today’s #BearsEars announcement, which would undermine the preservation of national monuments &amp; remove protections for more than 2 Mil acres of public lands – the largest such elimination in our nation’s history. https://t.co/LrbVxeuTIg
Problems began when @Giants failed to draft good offensive line last year. McAdoo and Reese should pay the price, but not Eli. https://t.co/jSBMRL6ggO
We're accepting the President's invitation to the White House on Thursday. Hope he'll go into the meeting with an open mind &amp; a willingness to reach an agreement that meets the needs of the American ppl &amp; keeps the gov't open. https://t.co/YjTRpslPOJ
About time. 
https://t.co/w7h3siKzhM
Grinch bots cannot be allowed to steal Christmas, or dollars, from the wallets of New Yorkers. #BlocktheBots https://t.co/D3On5byxEK
.@ConsumerReports says bots are being used to buy popular holiday gifts like toys, gaming equipment &amp; high-end sneakers &amp; sell them at inflated prices. #BlocktheBots https://t.co/omHP8c9nUH
Middle class folks save up—a little here, a little there—working to afford the hottest gifts of the season like @Barbie @NintendoAmerica &amp; others to surprise their kids or help Santa with his list, but now cyber bots are changing the rules. It’s time to #BlocktheBots
Music &amp; Broadway lovers know cyber bots have been scooping up tickets to shows &amp; concerts— well now the same kinds of bots have migrated &amp; are now targeting hot holiday toys. #BlocktheBots
This is why Democrats are proposing significant border security resources, like new fentanyl detectors, in exchange for the DREAM Act. I hope Republicans will join us. https://t.co/6wTdNKzLsb
Sandy and I first met in 1982, and throughout his career he used an uncanny and creative intelligence and dogged persistence to help the working men and women of America. He will be sorely missed. https://t.co/I8YrYffOsC
Leader McConnell’s quote shows he is already defensive about the tax bill. When HE compares it to Obamacare, it’s hardly high praise. Remember 2010? Wait til 2018! https://t.co/ggTXJyVelW
Tonight, I feel mostly regret at what could have been. 

Tax reform is an issue that is ripe for bipartisan compromise. There is a sincere desire on this side of the aisle to work with the GOP, particularly on tax reform, but we have been rebuffed, time &amp; time again
In my long career in politics, I have not seen a more regressive piece of legislation, so devoid of a rationale, so ill-suited for the condition of the country, so removed from the reality of what the American people need.
Was THIS what @POTUS meant by #DrainTheSwamp? https://t.co/d0HQGH3iPh
Why on earth wouldn’t you want to spend more time looking at a bill of this magnitude? #GOPTaxScam https://t.co/vIKAFdzj78
Disappointing but maybe not surprising that @realDonaldTrump said a government shutdown could be good for him politically. As President, the welfare of the American people should always come before politics. Always.
https://t.co/PqnTimzE1U
Make sure you know how your Senators are going to vote tomorrow on this bill. I will let NYers &amp; everyone know what comes in the GOP’s next secret draft, but it’s your calls, emails, faxes, et al that make the difference, so please make your voices heard on this #GOPTaxScam
And it’s not being rushed thru to help workers. In fact, @SenateGOP refused to accept a @SenSherrodBrown #ABetterDeal amendment to help companies keep &amp; grow jobs in the USA - so much for #AmericaFirst
Who is the GOP trying to rush this terrible bill thru for? These religious leaders know it’s sure not to help the poor around the holidays: 
https://t.co/UKHr4qovYx
And -in case you missed it- the #GOPTaxScam will increase the deficit by roughly $1 TRILLION. That’s not tax relief, that’s a burden for many generations.
Even with a proposed “fix” the #GOPTaxScam’s repeal of the ACA’s individual mandate is opposed by 12 major, national, patient advocacy groups because it puts affordable care in jeopardy: https://t.co/JoubviD2xC
The #GOPTaxBill could RAISE taxes on millions of Americans ages 65 &amp; older. cc:@AARPadvocates https://t.co/Wl7aWCsEwx
It benefits the highest earners, and will end up saddling many middle class families with a tax hike.
The #GOPTaxBill opens up the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge -America’s most pristine wilderness- to drilling, a move opposed by most Americans and by tribal leaders. https://t.co/RDoGcaOHDS
@SenateGOP In my home state of New York and across the US, Americans will feel the repeal of the state and local deduction (SALT) which currently prevents double taxation. https://t.co/qHQYCaWL0x
Until we see what the @SenateGOP’s midnight rewrite looks like, let’s go over what we know the #GOPTaxScam does so far: [thread]
We will fight another day on the Senate GOP’s tax bill. Your voices have been incredibly powerful, first on health care &amp; now on tax reform. Don’t give up now!
To be clear: the #GOPTaxBill will increase the deficit which will cannibalize support from everything we know is essential to economic growth &amp; a strong middle class, including support for our men and women in uniform.
The #GOPTaxBill will balloon the deficit by at least $1.5 TRILLION: adding to the debt burden borne by the next generation and diminishing our ability to support the military and invest in our schools, our roads, and in scientific research.
The American ppl are clamoring for us to work together. They believe our politics is broken. They think our politics is starved of common sense &amp; compromise, and it is. The way the #GOPTaxBill is being rammed thru is exactly why the American ppl think our politics is so broken.
From the one-sidedness with which it was drafted to the reckless haste with which it was considered – the #GOPTaxBill has failed to go through anything resembling the normal legislative process.
@POTUS And that’s just the Senate bill – the House already passed their #GOPTaxScam with your wealthy friends in mind. You can pass this on to them: 6/6 https://t.co/x3SI4Q888K
@POTUS Oh &amp; the #GOPTaxBill also plans to repeal the estate tax. That helps the top .2% 5/6 https://t.co/98OcJoCfGx
@POTUS #GOPTaxPlan repeals the Alternative Minimum Tax, which will save the wealthiest Americans millions. 4/6
@POTUS Latest changes to the pass-through rate will help -you guessed it- “the top 1 percent of American earners” 3/6 https://t.co/Ajwz756Wk7
@POTUS Perhaps they missed this in our hometown paper: https://t.co/NGAhI2Qvp7
Honestly, if @POTUS' friends’ lawyers haven’t figured out how the #GOPTaxPlan benefits the wealthy above everyone else, let me help: 1/6
Mr. President, if your wealthy friends don’t know about all the breaks &amp; loopholes in the #GOPTaxBill that will benefit them, they should hire a better lawyer.
Bipartisanship &amp; compromise are possible on tax reform. We can do a better job than this &amp; not saddle the next generation of Americans with even larger deficits, even larger debt.
The #GOPTaxBill would even open up drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge because this tax bill wouldn’t be complete unless it helped big oil companies too. #ProtecttheArctic
Under the #GOPTaxBill, estates worth over $11 million get a tax break. Corporations get a permanent reduction in their tax rates while individual tax breaks expire after a few years. Why is that?
The GOP isn't proud of their bill. Every ind. analysis has shown it will end up raising taxes. @TaxPolicyCenter estimates 60% of middle-class families will see a tax INCREASE by the time the bill is fully implemented, while folks making &gt;$1M will get an average tax CUT of &gt;$40K.
Esperamos poder seguir trabajando de buena fe, como lo hemos hecho durante este último mes, con nuestros colegas republicanos en el Congreso para hacer exactamente eso.
Si el Presidente, quien ya dijo este año que ‘nuestro país necesita un buen cierre de gobierno,’ no está interesado en trabajar en la difícil agenda de fin de año, trabajaremos con aquellos republicanos que si están interesados, de la misma manera que lo hicimos en abril.
No tenemos tiempo que perder para lidiar con los problemas que confrontan a nuestro país, así que vamos a continuar negociando con los líderes republicanos que estén interesados en llegar a un acuerdo bipartidista.
En lugar de ir a la Casa Blanca para un espectáculo que no resultará en un acuerdo, le hemos pedido a los líderes McConnell y Ryan que se reúnan con nosotros esta tarde.
Dado que el Presidente no ve un acuerdo entre los demócratas y la casa blanca, creemos que el mejor plan es seguir negociando con nuestros colegas republicanos en el Congreso.
If @POTUS, who already said earlier this year that "our country needs a good shutdown," isn’t interested in addressing the difficult year end agenda, we’ll work w/ those who are. Looking fwd to continuing to work in good faith w/ our GOP colleagues in Congress to do just that.
@POTUS @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan We don’t have any time to waste in addressing the issues that confront us, so we’re going to continue to negotiate with Republican leaders who may be interested in reaching a bipartisan agreement.
Given that @POTUS doesn’t see a deal btwn Dems &amp; the White House, we believe the best path fwd is to cont. negotiating w/ our GOP counterparts in Congress instead. Rather than going to the White House for a show meeting, we’ve asked @SenateMajLdr &amp; @SpeakerRyan to meet this pm.
The #GOPTaxScam is terrible for New York &amp; the country. It is a massive transfer of wealth to the already-wealthy. It would exacerbate inequality and set the middle class back at the worst possible time. https://t.co/S2eFtGWCCk
Across the country Americans signing up to #GetCovered on https://t.co/QG6fMKKwqb only have until December 15th to lock in coverage for 2018. Spread the word - there's a plan for everyone. https://t.co/QVIo55SV4k
Take the lead New York &amp; #GetCovered before our state marketplace closes on Jan 31st. Visit https://t.co/n43qVBIPLm or follow @NYStateofHealth to spread the word.
This #GOPTaxPlan has real implications for our veterans &amp; military families. Hear more from @votevets’ @will_c_fischer LIVE: https://t.co/94ACP2RqKO https://t.co/aDLUJCY78I
This #GOPTaxPlan is a 5 alarm fire! Tonight @SenateDems are LIVE sharing our concerns &amp; urging you to take action. TUNE IN: https://t.co/94ACP2RqKO https://t.co/jTgNwqnWWe
Americans deserve a full-time @CFPB director with a proven track record of fighting for them. Period. #DefendCFPB
READ:
“Senate Republicans insist that the overhaul will pay for itself by goosing growth. That is, how shall we put it, a lie.”
#GOPTaxPlan https://t.co/t6LLQOS8H0
One of the hottest holiday gifts this season is a DNA testing kit — but what are companies doing with your most personal data? https://t.co/mtpgmTXQbb
There is no point to learning about your family tree if your privacy gets chopped down at the same time. https://t.co/IUZsipE7mO
The @CFPB should be led by someone who is committed to working around the clock on behalf of consumers, not by a part time director who clearly disdains the agency.
The process for succession laid out in Dodd Frank is clear: Leandra English, not Mick Mulvaney, is the acting dir of @CFPB. By attempting to install Mr. Mulvaney as director, the Trump admin is ignoring the established, legal order of succession that we purposefully put in place.
#SmallBizSat is here! #ShopSmall &amp; support the 2.1 million small businesses in New York State &amp; millions more across the country today! https://t.co/xUJV7pmqNR
“This is another Republican tax plan that helps the rich, hurts the poor, increases inequality and blows a hole in the debt.”

Worth a read:
https://t.co/X9SNVAU3s7
Something to be thankful for - my parents, at age 94 and 89, joined us for Thanksgiving. https://t.co/bk7nrDnwl5
I agree with @CWAUnion - big corporations should pledge $4,000 wage increase for workers in writing before Congress acts on this #GOPTaxBill. https://t.co/hUIx3Ab5bW
Wishing you and your family a very Happy Thanksgiving! https://t.co/InhLpzbQlc
He cut a unique figure throughout the Hudson Valley &amp; the Southern Tier &amp; was passionately committed to the environment &amp; to preserving that region's priceless open &amp; wild spaces. He will be sorely missed.  My sincerest condolences to his family. 2/2
I’ve known Maurice Hinchey since we served together in the assembly in the 70’s. 'Mighty Moe' as I used to call him was a man of great conviction, principle, endless energy &amp; rare legislative ability. 1/2
TODAY in Syracuse - joining NY workers who suffered pension benefits cuts &amp; are at significant risk of losing even more to call for swift passage of #ABetterDeal bill that would get benefits on solid footing.
A bill in Congress that helps American workers AND American taxpayers? @SenSherrodBrown &amp; @SenateDems have one. It's all part of #ABetterDeal. Learn more: https://t.co/ed0nZ1K8aq
In the midst of massive #TaxReform that delivers a tax giveaway for the mega-rich, we should be able to help hard-working Americans get the pension benefits they earned. #ABetterDeal. Read more: https://t.co/ed0nZ1K8aq
Great day to be in Rochester, celebrating the next steps in the #InnerLoop project, creating the new face of Rochester that will drive development here to new heights for decades to come. #ROC https://t.co/klwVCDDE1z
It’s time to talk #NetNeutrality at the dinner table. Tell your family to speak up – it’s  the only thing that can keep the internet free &amp; fair for all. Take action: https://t.co/xDbFCIeMXR
It’s official. @FCC’s wrongheaded decision flies in the face of the millions of public comments you left urging the FCC to leave internet protections in place. We won’t stand for this. We will protect #NetNeutrality https://t.co/dG5LJnWmyh
Just as our free highway system helped build jobs in American in the 20th century, #NetNeutrality will help build jobs in the 21st century. To take a step back hurts our economy, our job growth &amp; middle-class &amp; working people. It is a disaster.
Ending #TPS for Haiti shows an utter lack of compassion &amp; common sense from the Trump administration.  #SaveTPS
@DHSgov The deportations that come from this decision will leave US children without parents &amp; damage local economies. #SaveTPS
Despite two hurricanes in the last 6 months alone, @DHSgov decided to terminate #TPS for &gt;50k Haitians.  A simple extension would have made the most sense.  #SaveTPS
Another heartless decision by the Trump Administration, this time ending temporary protected status for Haitians in the US. #SaveTPS
One of Senate GOP’s ways of offsetting the costs of their giant tax giveaway for the wealthy is destroying healthcare. It won’t work: https://t.co/YH9lcdGXBi
@CenterOnBudget Oh, don’t forget to show your Uncle this as well! https://t.co/YHRGTvvwAo
Bring this chart to Thanksgiving dinner. It’ll come in handy when that family member who always talks politics tells you the Republican tax bill helps the middle class. https://t.co/2EpZ5PxcDY
Permanent corporate tax cuts on the backs of the middle class is a game Americans can’t afford to play. https://t.co/TXClZmVmsR
Is that a promise? https://t.co/Be7rMvYUAZ
China wants to export car to U.S.? Not unless they remove tariff on U.S. imports.
A live look at where your money goes under the #GOPtaxplan. https://t.co/IjiRLpMW7M
The lights still aren’t back on in Puerto Rico or USVI. To add insult to injury, the Administration failed to request adequate aid for the islands. Congress must fix. https://t.co/Z0y9xg9va7
The Trump administration’s supplemental request shortchanges particularly Puerto Rico &amp; the USVI &amp; comes up woefully short of providing all Americans who have been hit by hurricanes &amp; wildfires with the resources they need to rebuild. We are better than this.
Is nothing safe from this administration? 🐘 #FridayFeeling #SaveTheElephants https://t.co/7VLlzrbcts
Want to know why so many Republicans voted for such a bad bill that raises taxes on millions? 

Here’s why: https://t.co/WiTp7aHPVi https://t.co/3PmRErTOqi
Sexual harassment is never acceptable and must not be tolerated.

I hope and expect that the Ethics Committee will fully investigate this troubling incident, as they should with any credible allegation of sexual harassment.
Democrats are offering hard-working Americans #ABetterDeal to protect pensions, because the families of our ironworkers, truck drivers, steelworkers &amp; more deserve a secure &amp; bright future. Watch LIVE: https://t.co/NpGp46TAv0
.@RepTenney- I think you meant to say “this bill is a 1 percent issue.” https://t.co/pNMPU8l3ml
It’s 5pm! Welcome back to @NewsChannel9’s Rod Wood!
#GOPTaxBill raises premiums on average Americans healthcare by 10% so they can give the wealthy a tax cut.

Sound familiar? 

Remember #Trumpcare?
The #GOPTaxBill kicks 13 million people off health care to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy. 13 MILLION.
Cmon. The #GOPTaxPlan is the wrong kind of approach for our economy; it betrays the American workers &amp; the American families who deserve tax relief by helping those at the very top.
.@SenateGOP, there's way out of this mess – work w/ @SenateDems on real, bipartisan reform. You won’t have to choose btwn blowing up the deficit &amp; hurting the middle class. Working together we could actually improve the condition of working Americans.
Last night, @SenateGOP decided to throw the mother-of-all monkey wrenches into their bill: repealing the individual mandate. Impt to remember @USCBO already said that would cause 13M fewer Americans to have health insurance &amp; would raise premiums by 10%.
Either tens of millions of taxpayers will pay significantly more in the long run, or a future Congress will extend the tax breaks, making the deficit hole they create massively deeper.
 
Our Republican colleagues, particularly the deficit hawks, can't have it both ways.
With the new Senate #GOPTaxBill, Republicans have put themselves between a rock &amp; a hard place: dramatic tax increases on the middle class or a huge hole in the deficit.
This has now happened 2x in one day. So much for the “whole trickle-down through the economy” idea. https://t.co/taoHSUoC4Z
IF Gary Cohn had been paying attention to CEOs for the last yr, he’d know they’ve said publicly &amp; repeatedly that they’d use the windfall from corporate tax cuts to buy back stock &amp; pay dividends to their shareholders. https://t.co/amg8unoj0K
Instead of learning from their failure to repeal health care, GOP is doubling down on the same partisan strategy that would throw our health care system into chaos. If the American ppl weren’t already outraged by #GOPTaxScam, injecting health care into it will do the trick.
The #GOPTaxScam is a backdoor attempt to get #Trumpcare passed. That’s not what the American people want.
GOP is tying themselves in a knot. They’re cutting taxes on the wealthy &amp; taking health care away from millions &amp; raising the premiums of millions others all to help reduce taxes on the rich. Does that sound familiar? https://t.co/q1JYTEm4GB
Glad FEMA has heeded my call to approve disaster aid for flood ravaged Lake Ontario communities in Niagara, Orleans, Wayne, Oswego, Jefferson &amp; St. Lawrence counties.  I’ll keep pushing to get the same designation &amp; support for Monroe &amp; Cayuga counties: https://t.co/VCDSxpclVA
We shouldnt be rushing through such an ill-conceived, backwards bill. Remember it is being called the #GOPTaxScam and "HR1%" 

If the GOP turn their backs on this deeply flawed approach, we can work tghr on bipartisan tax reform that delivers real relief to middle-class families.
But why rush? @SenateDems, the American ppl &amp; even the rest of the GOP need to know what's actually in the #GOPTaxBill. Are they trying to hide that it helps the wealthy &amp; big corps while raising taxes on millions of middle-class families?
It's clear: the real #GOPTaxPlan isn't ready because every few days Pres Trump tweets asking the Republicans to change their bill, repeal the individual mandate and drop the top rate, as he did yesterday. And the GOP considers it to placate a restless &amp; uninformed President.
.@POTUS's absurd idea to repeal the individual mandate as a part of the #GOPTaxPlan would boot 13M ppl from the health insurance rolls and cause premiums to skyrocket - all to pay for an even bigger tax cut for the very rich, those who pay the top rate. What a toxic idea!
We are two days into a markup of the #GOPTaxPlan &amp; Democrats haven’t even seen the real bill yet. In their desperate rush to get this tax bill through Congress, the Republicans started by marking up a bill that’s not even the one they intend to pass.
Every American should wonder why President Trump goes to such great lengths to avoid criticizing President Putin.
Why does President Trump continue to give President Putin the benefit of the doubt while discrediting and demeaning American intelligence officers?
Sooner or later, President Trump’s core supporters will realize he’s selling them out to take away their health care to lower rates on the wealthy. Shame. https://t.co/5EFUNwh8QV
It’s time to turn over a new leaf at HHS. The next Secretary must demonstrate a commitment to lowering premiums,  and not sabotaging the Affordable Care Act &amp; our health care system with reckless actions that hurt families. I look forward to reviewing Mr. Azar's nomination. https://t.co/nyPKQvZwyE
The House's so-called 'compromise' would be saying to the middle class we'll only chop off four of your fingers instead of all five.

Republicans should go back to the drawing board and fully restore the State &amp; Local tax deduction. https://t.co/mJy0LzTibt
Trump Asia trip a flop: POTUS acts like a lap dog to Xi and China, but talks tough to our friends in Southeast Asia. Presidency by misadventure.
Yes, @SenToomey, there is a good reason - don’t raise taxes on 29% of taxpayers in your state.  Hardworking Pennsylvanians &amp; Americans shouldnt be taxed because they live in the suburbs &amp; middle-class communities. https://t.co/kt6LVmt73o
It has been an honor to work with &amp; on behalf of so many veterans &amp; military families this year. Learning Staff Sgt. Bernard J. McNamara’s story from WWII &amp; meeting his family was just one of them. https://t.co/bb36axBg18
Thankful for America’s veterans and military families who sacrifice so much to protect the freedoms we hold so dear. Thinking of them this #VeteransDay. https://t.co/9dZz8LdmWC
@SenateMajLdr Rather than distorting the facts about their plan, Republicans should turn back &amp; work with Democrats on a bipartisan tax plan.
It’s now clear that the Senate tax plan would hammer middle-class families, particularly in the suburbs, violating @SenateMajLdr’s pledge that the GOP plan wouldn’t raise their taxes.
https://t.co/9U7GdnwI5U
Happy Birthday to the United States Marine Corps.  I join all Americans in honoring your service &amp; sacrifice for our great nation.”  #SemperFi #HappyBirthdayMarines @USMC
I blame China &amp; so do millions of Americans who voted for you.
 
What happened to your campaign promises to be tough on China? https://t.co/G70WLWdbVn
One thing is clear from the Senate GOP tax bill: the House compromise on the state &amp; local tax deduction was written in disappearing ink.
Still reading the details but based on what we’ve seen so far of the Senate GOP tax bill, it’s clear that this is another tax giveaway to the rich &amp; big corps &amp; its coming squarely on the backs of those in the middle class.
Senate GOP has just released THEIR version of a tax bill - joining Senator @RonWyden to walk through just some of what's in it LIVE: https://t.co/zwAvQbUOVb
Haven’t these men &amp; women earned the right to call themselves American citizens? It’s time for Congress to pass the #DreamActNow https://t.co/NLyZMXxbwl
Latino &amp; African American students are more likely to receive Pell Grants &amp; many take student loans. The GOP tax bill cuts these prgms that low- &amp; middle-income students depend on to attend college. Instead, we need tax reform that helps the next generation follow their dreams. https://t.co/4FevWnbIke
.@CenterOnBudget says in a typical month, SNAP provides basic food aid to about 10M Latino &amp; 13M African American individuals. But it can't if the GOP Tax bill passes. https://t.co/U1fNNHRQQE
¿Cómo afectaría la reforma fiscal republicana a los latinos y afroamericanos? Es malo. Muy malo. https://t.co/4UW76lhR50
Thinking about you @repmarkpocan &amp; sending prayers for a speedy recovery. Looking fwd to having you back in Washington soon. https://t.co/m3a4idgnEB
Today’s @TaxPolicyCenter analysis of #GOPTaxBill leaves families wondering “how much more will we pay?” Read more: https://t.co/2m64a2vv9C https://t.co/8t4ALdw66E
Sneaking #TrumpCare into a tax bill that would already be bad for middle-class families would be adding insult to injury. See @USCBO's analysis: https://t.co/2ZshaeJrM2
Always a pleasure - passing the #DreamAct is a priority for me &amp; we will get this done together. https://t.co/0VpfBqcyaE
They can try to promise you can file your taxes on a postcard, but they can’t keep saying you’ll pay less in taxes. https://t.co/xutE882qL1
It’s becoming crystal clear: Republicans are on a fast track to fully eliminate the state &amp; local tax deduction. The compromise was never adequate, but any Republican clinging to it as an excuse to vote for the tax bill should abandon ship before it’s too late. https://t.co/1OGM6FCxn4
Congratulations to my friend @lhandsyr on 45 years of award winning reporting for @CNYcentral!
Still time to vote! Don't for a second think yours won't count. Find your polling place &amp; get there. #ElectionDay https://t.co/OlQWm8HYrv
What starts as a modest tax cut for the average family of four making $59,000/yr becomes a tax increase after only six years under GOP plan. https://t.co/R40P1gkKpk
The Child Tax Credits, unlike the personal exemptions they replace, lose value over time because they do NOT increase with inflation.
@nyulaw @davidckamin After 5 yrs, the $300/person family credit is GONE!
As @nyulaw tax prof @davidckamin pointed out, while some see initial tax cut, that disappears after a few yrs &amp; taxes will start going up! https://t.co/qUWyStAg98
By 2026, nearly half of all middle class families would pay more in taxes, NEARLY HALF!!! https://t.co/UxYUuWRBW9
Makes clear that &gt;1/4 of taxpayers will see a tax increase under the #GOPtaxbill, all in the name of giveaways for the wealthy &amp; big corps. https://t.co/fMC2r0v6ox
Greeted @nycmarathon runners in Brooklyn this morning! Irish Haven Bar was a refuge for marathon viewers as we cheered on New York! https://t.co/Oq6UVqsJwc
Congrats #TCSNYCMarathon runners! Hope you had as much fun running as we did cheering in Brooklyn w/ guitarist, #NYPD Ret. John Rafferty! https://t.co/sc13ka5d6S
If you’re a young family renting an apt, saving to finally buy a home, Guess what? Under the #GOPtaxplan, it just got harder. https://t.co/jcBfYz6XM7
Again, that’s 13 MILLION tax filers in this country who earn $100,000 a year or less who could see a tax hike under the #GOPtaxplan. https://t.co/v33HO44ZQO
Proud to announce Harris radio is adding 30-40 new jobs in Rochester to equip our new Army brigades! #ROC
While the stock market continues to boom, the October jobs report shows that middle class Americans aren’t seeing the benefit.
Republicans should have never let community health centers expire.  Dems are fighting hard to restore funding ASAP. https://t.co/HT8pNYlvIo
House GOP's so-called Tax Cuts and Jobs Act tells the middle class to "take a hike!" https://t.co/DODYNMJuuy
We are going to do everything we can to get it done, no matter what the President says on one given day or another.
I am confident that there is strong bipartisan support in Congress to get the #DreamAct passed before the end of the year.
GOP argues their plan gives the  middle class a tax break. What they wont tell you is many middle class families will see their taxes go up.
House GOP tax plan puts a burden that ought to be on the backs of the wealthy &amp; big corps &amp; drops it square on the back of the middle class.
New York: Today is the first day you can sign up to #GetCovered for 2018. Visit https://t.co/n43qVBIPLm and share with family and friends. https://t.co/UpBrvPDzlG
Es hora de renovar, cambiar o actualizar nuestros planes médicos para el 2018. No espere, comience su solicitud hoy: https://t.co/B5TWwCGJCQ https://t.co/kWCEnRgjMW
When terrorism has struck us in the past, presidents have brought us together. It’s a shame this president can’t. https://t.co/d0olC9RK7T
GOP also seemed poised to end the deductibility of state income &amp; sales taxes, raising taxes on middle-class Americans from coast to coast.
If true, GOP will hike taxes on middle-class Americans’ retirement savings all so they can line the pockets of the wealthy &amp; biggest corps.
Every American who is struggling to save for retirement should shudder at the latest reports on the GOP tax plan. https://t.co/mGqUTNC3C7
Again, I’m calling on President Trump to rescind his proposed cuts to the vital anti-terrorism funding immediately.
The NYPD, who bravely &amp; quickly brought the mayhem to an end yday, depends on anti-terrorism funding to keep our city safe day-in &amp; day-out.
Calling on Pres Trump to rescind his proposed cuts to anti-terrorism funding immediately - our city relies on it to snuff out attacks.
President Trump should be focusing on the real solution – anti-terrorism funding – which he proposed to cut in his most recent budget.
Pres Trump, instead of politicizing &amp; dividing America which he always seems to do at times of national tragedy, should bring us together.
President Trump, where is your leadership? The contrast btwn Pres Bush’s actions after 9-11 &amp; Pres Trump’s this am couldn't be starker.
President Bush, in a moment of national tragedy, understood the meaning of his high office &amp; sought to bring our country together.
And true to form -- something that made my heart swell with pride -- the New York City Halloween parade marched on last night.
NYers are resilient. We will bounce back. We won’t let terrorists get their way or affect our way of life—we will never let terror prevail.
These attacks are meant to confuse and terrorize. But as the world learned after 9-11, and will learn again: New York doesn’t scare easy.
I rode on that path just this past wkend. My daughter went to the school near the scene &amp; used the bike path. It's our territory. Our home.
As one of the thousands of NYers who regularly ride on the path where this attack took place, it hits close to home.
We are also grateful – deeply grateful – to the NYPD &amp; 1st responders, especially Officer Ryan Nash, who was the first on the scene.
Our hearts go out to the victims and their families and we wish all the injured a full and speedy recovery.
Yday, a man deliberately drove a truck into groups of pedestrians &amp; cyclists, killing 8 &amp; injuring over a dozen. Some were schoolchildren.
I rise this morning with a heavy heart. A city no stranger to terrorism was once again its victim last night – my home city of New York.
I’m calling on the President to immediately rescind his proposed cuts to this vital anti-terrorism funding. 3/3
which he always seems to do at times of natl tragedy, should focus on anti-terrorism funding which he proposed cutting in his budget. 2/3
Always believed &amp; cont. to believe that immigration is good for America. Pres Trump, instead of politicizing &amp; dividing America, 1/3
I guess it's not too soon to politicize a tragedy.
My full statement in response to President Trump’s proposed funding cuts to anti-terrorism efforts: https://t.co/L0S6K1WkLX
Thanks NYPD for rapidly responding to tragic situation downtown. Worried &amp; saddened to hear about injuries &amp; loss of life.
If Americans needed more proof #TrumpTax plan would be a boon for the wealthy at the expense of the middle class, look no further than this: https://t.co/RVlR2MdFFy
So this investigation MUST continue &amp; our independent judicial system -built on the rule of law- cannot be degraded by partisan politics.
These revelations should concern everyone. There arent two sides. There is only one side – the side of the rule of law &amp; American democracy.
The facts are the facts. Special Counsel Mueller's investigation has revealed there was a connection btwn the Trump campaign &amp; Russia.
@SenateDems Democrats want to make it easier to save for retirement. Republicans want to make it harder by increasing taxes on middle class Americans.
We don’t yet know what the GOP will do exactly to 401ks, but @SenateDems will oppose any tax hikes on middle class retirement accounts.
@SenateMajLdr GOP agenda has been so unpopular that it has stalled at every juncture. New GOP plan is pack the courts in conservative, ideological image.
1st time I can remember the Senate is asked to process 4 influential circuit court judges in a single week. Why is @SenateMajLdr doing this?
@realDonaldTrump If he does so, Congress must respond swiftly, unequivocally, and in a bipartisan way to ensure that the investigation continues.
.@realDonaldTrump must not, under any circumstances, interfere with the special counsel’s work in any way.
The special counsel’s probe is ongoing in a serious way. The rule of law is paramount in America &amp; the investigation must proceed unimpeded.
#Sandy5 should remind the GOP that every penny for disaster relief changes lives. Remember that for TX, FL, AND #PuertoRico #USVI
NY had to fight for every dollar to rebuild, repair &amp; become more resilient. We still arent back 100%, but we're stronger than ever. #Sandy5
Forever grateful to firefighters, police, 1st responders &amp; volunteers from across the US who saved lives &amp; helped when we needed it most.
Hard to believe it has already been 5 yrs since Hurricane Sandy crippled the East Coast &amp; hurt NY families, homes, &amp; businesses. #Sandy5 https://t.co/FmRt4VBoND
The Trump Administration says the #TrumpTax plan lowers the deficit. That’s a fantasy. https://t.co/4MGkbMdhKU https://t.co/MugxoWrtK0
.@POTUS repeatedly promised to champion fair trade policies &amp; crack down on China - another #BrokenPromise https://t.co/H1UexP0eqw
The Trump tax plan is a far cry from the Reagan tax plan. Read my @USATODAY oped https://t.co/KPRF1HVFqP
It is shocking that CBP would pursue &amp; detain a 10 yr old girl w CP after a surgery. She should be released to her parents asap. https://t.co/jxjjYLwb7y
.@SenateGOP: jump on it! https://t.co/kXWdXoYkAI
If SALT “compromise” passes today the value of your home could drop by TEN PERCENT. Tell Republicans to drop this bill, not your net worth.
New SALT “compromise” will still hurt firefighters, police officers, &amp; teachers. Republicans should vote NO &amp; stand w/ them, not big corps.
Don’t be fooled - the Republican SALT “compromise” will still take $1 trillion from the middle class to fund a huge corporate tax cut.
Terrible for NY's families, terrible for America. https://t.co/OUVcb2lAYX
It's a mark of an exceptional nation to look back &amp; say we made a grievous error, but we did &amp; we pledge to never let it happen again. https://t.co/JfUpE5tZQi
Honored to be here as Congress righted a decades-old wrong &amp; bestowed the highest civilian honor on the Filipino veterans of WWII. https://t.co/Z7ZvQdtL3w
My deepest condolences &amp; prayers are w/ Off Lehner's family, the BPD, &amp; all who today mourn the loss of a great public servant. #BuffaLove
Cant even be surprised by GOP anymore, but tonight's CFPB rule vote was disappointing. When will they break the mold &amp; stand up for avg ppl? https://t.co/U5GlrLJPxu
Senate came tgtr to pass emergency funding, but must do more to help victims of western wildfires &amp; hurricanes in TX, FL, Puerto Rico, USVI.
Some NY GOP say theyll fight for the middle class in #taxreform. When push comes to shove I hope theyll hold strong. https://t.co/gTVP92XXxb
.@JeffFlake is one of the finest human beings I've met in politics. He is moral, upright, strong &amp; will be missed in the Senate.
I hope these Republicans stand firm and protect Americans from double taxation. https://t.co/HlOiOQSA7Z
🔊 to hear where the 💰to pay for the GOP's tax cuts for the wealthy is really coming from. https://t.co/Ai8FnRFb6s
Let me repeat that. We need @realDonaldTrump to roll up his sleeves &amp; get to work, to stop tweeting &amp; start leading.
.@realDonaldTrump, we need our president to roll up his sleeves &amp; get to work, to stop tweeting &amp; start leading.
You don't have to have a partisan nose to smell a rat, and this tax plan stinks - especially for Upstate NYers like John. https://t.co/uN58MTr2X4
.@POTUS promised to crackdown on China - so far it's been a lot of talk. @SenateDems say enough. Let's put US steel &amp; aluminium jobs first. https://t.co/4uvey9gCbp
More on why all NY electeds should oppose this plan &amp; fight for the NYers they represent instead of the #TrumpTax: https://t.co/XuSEQOnk22 https://t.co/vLzV3TPjjg
This Trump admin report overlooks the facts &amp; undercuts @CFPB’s attempt to stop big biz from bullying consumers. https://t.co/tfE5TJIUDs
@NYGovCuomo NY's electeds in Congress need to stand together, do the right thing here &amp; block this gut-punch to New York’s middle-class.
@NYGovCuomo Deductions like these should not be eliminated just so people making millions of dollars a year can catch a tax break of their own.
Today @NYGovCuomo &amp; I were in the Capital Region where &gt;29% of locals use the state &amp; local tax deduction, w/ an avg deduction of $12,916.
GOP is moving ahead w/ #TrumpTax plan that puts NY homeowners &amp; the middle class at risk of their taxes going UP - not down.
If NY GOP delegation incl. @RepStefanik @RepJohnFaso @RepLeeZeldin @RepTenney opposes bill gutting state &amp; local deductions, it won't pass. https://t.co/gn48lbZbfQ
And would oversee disaster assistance distribution &amp; federal contractual arrangements to ensure that there is no waste, fraud, or abuse.
Would facilitate timely &amp; accurate damage assessments to ensure PR receives all resources it needs in upcoming emergency funding bills;
Would oversee electric grid restoration, repair &amp; rebuilding;
A CEO of Response &amp; Recovery to assist Puerto Rico would help coordinate emergency response activities among the various federal agencies;
The response on Puerto Rico is unconscionable &amp; demands new action. We're calling for a clear point person, a CEO of Response &amp; Recovery. https://t.co/QPXuNOZ4x5
It’s been more than one month since Hurricane Maria, but the lights of Puerto Rico are still out, &amp; American citizens are still suffering.
Take note: @SenateDems are voting now to protect this important deduction from Republican attacks. https://t.co/VxkWeBFSin
@POTUS You cannot govern a country if you do not know what a bill does and keep a consistent policy about it.
@POTUS Yesterday, @POTUS called the Alexander-Murray compromise “a very good solution.” Now, this morning he can’t support it.
.@POTUS keeps zigging &amp; zagging on health care. 2 wks ago we spoke &amp; agreed he'd encourage Sen Alexander &amp; I'd encourage Sen Murray.
The President ought to know what's in the bill before he tweets about it. https://t.co/IQNlIb7CPP
New York has a lot to celebrate tonight: another win in the Bronx &amp; a second chance in Brooklyn. 

Still can't believe I missed this. https://t.co/ZlHOviIlMk
@POTUS We remain committed to fighting back against travel bans &amp; Muslim bans. Thank you to everyone joining us in this fight. #NoBanNoWall
.@POTUS’ travel bans discriminate against families of Americans &amp; those trying to make a better life for themselves.
@SenAlexander @PattyMurray @SenateDems Urge @SenateMajLdr @Speaker @POTUS to move this plan. It'll protect ppl from premium increases, assure the marketplaces &amp; prevent sabotage.
I salute @SenAlexander &amp; @PattyMurray for working hard on a bipartisan healthcare solution. It got broad support from @SenateDems today.
As the search continues for Off. Lehner, my thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ his family, the @BPDAlerts, &amp;all searching tirelessly on the Niagara. https://t.co/Sfi5WD7Ytd
The Queen City wont buy this brand of fake math. Your cuts help the wealthiest Americans &amp; are paid for by raising taxes on the middle-class https://t.co/vdyr516yjz
Why won’t the GOP listen to farmers like Mike from Kansas? WATCH👇🏽 https://t.co/drbrB6WuqT
@VP So when @VP arrives in Buffalo tomorrow, I hope he’s prepared to explain why he wants to hike taxes on thousands of middle-class families.
@VP And in the NY-22, which cuts right thru the middle of NY, 23% of residents take the state &amp; local deduction w/ an avg deduction of $10,766.
@VP Might also mention in the NY-24, near #Syracuse, 29% of NYers take the state &amp; local deduction w/ an avg deduction of $12,140.
@VP And in the NY-23 district, which is just south of Buffalo, 22% of residents claim state &amp; local deduction with an avg deduction of $11,716.
@VP In the NY-26 district in the heart of Buffalo, 27% of residents claim state &amp; local deduction with an avg deduction of $12,083.
@VP In the NY-27 district, from East Buffalo towards Rochester, 29% of NYers claim the state &amp; local deduction with an avg deduction of $12,125.
.@VP Pence is traveling to Buffalo tomorrow. Here's how the GOP's planned elimination of the state &amp; local tax deduction affects Western NY:
@SenateDems @POTUS If @POTUS now supports agreement that stabilizes &amp; improves the existing system under the #ACA, we certainly welcome his change of heart.
@SenateDems I'm hopeful we're nearing an agreement that makes clear we wont support @POTUS' efforts at sabotage. 2/
For months, @SenateDems have pushed to stabilize markets &amp; worked twd a bipart agreement to keep premiums down for millions of Americans. 1/
Need a peaceful res that doesn’t jeopardize ongoing fight v. ISIS, put gains at risk &amp; finds way to accommodate Kurds' legit aspirations.
Urging the Trump administration to immediately initiate a dialogue between the Iraqi gov't &amp; Iraqi Kurds.
Every ounce of energy &amp; resources the Iraqi govt &amp; the Kurdish Peshmerga spend fighting each other should instead be spent fighting ISIS.
@POTUS @POTUS44 Rather than helping biggest corps avoid paying their fair share, #taxreform should reward those cos that create jobs &amp; raise US wages. 6/6
@POTUS @POTUS44 That's proof positive that companies already have a cash windfall, but they're not using it to boost wages. 5/6
@POTUS @POTUS44 As @POTUS points out, the stock market is at record highs &amp; cos are raking in unprecedented profits, yet wages remain relatively flat. 4/6
@POTUS @POTUS44 History shows tax cuts like these benefit the wealthy and the powerful to the exclusion of the middle class.
3/6
@POTUS This deliberate manipulation of #s &amp; facts could lead to messing up the good economy inherited from @POTUS44 &amp; hurting the middle class. 2/6
.@POTUS complains about fake news - this tax plan's fake math is as bad as any of the so-called fake news he has complained about. 1/6
.@POTUS’ M.O.: failure to lead. Throws destructive bones to his base, then tells Congress to fix it: Iran, Health care, Puerto Rico
The @SenateDems agree with #SecDef Mattis and General Dunford. We won't allow the Iran deal to be undone.
The Senate has already passed bill to help fight algal blooms &amp; protect lakes, ponds &amp; drinking water. The House must act now!
Was in Fulton Co at Nathan Littauer Hospital today calling for immediate action to help NY’s &amp; America’s rural hospitals.
Congressional inaction on the Low-Volume Hospital (LVH) &amp; Medicare-Dependent Hospital (MDH) Programs puts Upstate hospitals on life support.
Wishing all those serving in @USNavy - especially all the brave New Yorkers - a very Happy Navy #242NavyBday. Thank you for your service.
@POTUS Make no mistake about it, @POTUS will try to blame the Affordable Care Act, but this will fall on his back and he will pay the price for it.
@POTUS It is a spiteful act of vast, pointless sabotage leveled at working families and the middle class in every corner of America.
Sadly, instead of working to lower health costs for Americans, it seems @POTUS will singlehandedly hike Americans’ health premiums.
Congrats to @CDTA - 2017 Mid Sized Transit System of the Year! They're doing great things in the Capital District &amp; it's only the beginning.
Climate Change is one of the biggest threats facing our 🌎 

Rallying on @EPA action just in a few minutes. Join me on @senatedems @Snapchat https://t.co/X0V834Ev5z
@POTUS And it will add further chaos to the markets.  If the system deteriorates, make no mistake about it, the blame will fall squarely on @POTUS.
.@POTUS' exec order couldn't be further from his "great health care" promise. It will up costs for seniors &amp; ppl w/ preexisting conditions.
@POTUS This executive order is just the latest in a series of steps he has taken to sabotage health care at the expense of millions of Americans.
Having failed to repeal the #ACA in Congress, @POTUS is using a wrecking ball to singlehandedly rip apart &amp; sabotage our healthcare system.
There is still devastation, Americans are still dying. FEMA needs to stay until the job is done. https://t.co/muzu7e81Hu
@realDonaldTrump Why do you continue to treat Puerto Ricans differently than other Americans when it comes to natural disasters?
@realDonaldTrump FEMA needs to stay until the job is done and right now, it's not even close to done.
Fox, too?

I didn't think so. https://t.co/i5tTbVnzAM
.@SenateDems have proposed #ABetterDeal on Trade &amp; Jobs calling for TEN NAFTA town halls across America. https://t.co/bN6Oxss64H
When it comes to NAFTA, Trump Admin should carefully listen to the public &amp; stakeholders to negotiate the best outcome for American workers.
What Mr. Weinstein did was awful. Sending his donations to NY orgs doing crucial work for survivors &amp; fams, @SafeHorizon @sffny &amp; @cvtcnyc.
What would a former Treasury Secretary have done in Sec. Mnuchin's position if faced w/ the #TrumpTax plan? WATCH: https://t.co/Sd3tTftQtA
Economists, think tanks, even his former employer @GoldmanSachs dispute Sec Steve Mnuchin's #TrumpTax plan claims. https://t.co/yQxEgM4esk
Sec. Mnuchin &amp; Adviser Cohn know from their work at @GoldmanSachs, their tax plan won’t pay for itself: https://t.co/mD2GsWd4Ss
Unlike the Trump Administration, Sec. Mnuchin &amp; Gary Cohn’s former employer @GoldmanSachs says the #TrumpTax plan would cost &gt;$2.5 Trillion.
Los estados, las empresas, y expertos en salud apoyan El Plan de Energía Limpia  para reducir emisiones de GEI y proteger la salud pública.
States, biz, electric utilities &amp; health professionals support #CleanPowerPlan cause they support protecting our kids' health. #ProtectCPP https://t.co/cWP6OqUJWF
As much as he'll deny it, @EPAScottPruitt wants to pick winners &amp; losers. We all lose unless we #ProtectCPP. https://t.co/cpbxVAJQFI
Frankly, rigging the system for polluters won't help kids w/ asthma, farms or recreation biz, or Americans looking for jobs in this economy.
At a time when our weather is so volatile, we must do more to fight climate change &amp; protect our communities, not less. #ProtectCPP
Alejarnos de El Plan de Energía Limpia tendría consecuencias reales - para nuestro ambiente, nuestra salud, y nuestra economía.
Walking away from the #CleanPowerPlan would have real costs – to our environment, our health &amp; our economy.
W/ America seeing more extreme &amp; dangerous weather than ever before, last thing we should do is roll back actions to combat #ClimateChange.
Thanks to the first responders, fire fighters &amp; law enforcement working around the clock to save lives &amp; get more people out of danger.
Terrible wild fires in California are taking lives &amp; livelihoods. Praying for the victims, their families &amp; those in danger.
The @EPA must live up to its mission and continue cleaning up radioactive waste in Niagara County. The residents deserve better. https://t.co/CK7sNjB8Ld
If the President was serious about protecting the #Dreamers, his staff has not made a good faith effort to do so.
.@NancyPelosi &amp; I told @POTUS we were open to reasonable border security alongside #DreamAct -his list goes so far beyond whats reasonable.
The Admin can't be serious about compromise w/ a list anathema to #Dreamers, to the immigrant community &amp; to the vast majority of Americans.
This decision is just the latest in a series of moves the Trump Admin has made to sabotage our health care system. It can't continue. https://t.co/siBHZW5gXw
Weve long turned the page on days when a boss could stand btwn a woman &amp; her healthcare decisions – @POTUS' decision drags the US backwards.
This outrageous decision rips a fundamental right away from millions of hard working women. https://t.co/ZEi8aB8GUW
The GOP's partisan plan to repeal this deduction must be scrapped. They should start over w #TaxReform that truly benefits the middle class.
It's crystal clear, the benefits of this deduction touch every state, every big city, every small town &amp; municipality across the country.
and in 2015, 17% of South Dakotans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $6,098 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 17% of West Virginians took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $9,462 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 18% of North Dakotans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $6,864 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 19% of Tennesseans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $5,611 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 21% of Alaskans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $4,931 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 22% of Wyomingites took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $6,306 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 22% of Arkansans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $9,116 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 22% of New Mexicans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $7,091 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 22% of Floridians took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $7,373 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 23% of Hoosiers took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $8,756 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 23% of Texans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $7,823 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 23% of Louisianians took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $6,742 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 23% of Mississippians took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $6,302 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 24% of Oklahomans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $8,201 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 25% of Nevadans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $5,989 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 25% of Kansans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $9,425 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 26% of Alabamians took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $5,918 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 26% of Kentuckians took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $9,955 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 26% of Ohioans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $10,444 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 26% of Missourians took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $9,886 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 27% of Michiganders took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $9,648 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 27% of Vermonters took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $12,407 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 27% of South Carolinians took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $8,765 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 28% of Nebraskans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $11,088 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 28% of Mainers took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $11,431 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 28% of Idahoans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $8.862 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 28% of Montanans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $9,357 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 28% of Arizonans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $7,403 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 29% of Pennsylvanians took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $11,248 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 29% of North Carolinians took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $9,587 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 29% of Hawaiians took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $9,905 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 29% of Iowans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $10,163 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 30% of Washingtonians took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $7,402 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 31% of Granite Staters took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $10,121 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 31% of Wisconsinites took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $11,653 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 31% of Illinoisans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $12,523 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 32% of Delawareans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $9,194 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 32% of Coloradans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $9,017 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 33% of Rhode Islanders took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $12,434 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 33% of Georgians took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $9,158 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 34% of Californians took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $18,437 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 35% of Minnesotans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $12,954 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 35% of Utahans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $8,291 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 36% of Oregonians took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $12,616 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 37% of Bay Staters took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $15,571 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 37% of Virginians took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $11,288 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 41% of New Jerseyans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $17,850 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 41% of Nutmeggers took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $19,664 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 46% of Marylanders took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $12,931 #TrumpTax
In 2015, 35% of New Yorkers took the State &amp; Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $22,169 #TrumpTax
Don’t believe me? Just look at these numbers &amp; think about what a #TrumpTax would mean:
44 million Americans all across the country take the state &amp; local tax deduction (~1/3 of all taxpayers) &amp; they get $1Ks off their taxes.
GOP tax plan actually raises taxes on millions of middle-class families by repealing the state and local tax deduction, a real Trump Tax.
These #Dreamers love this country just like I do. And you know what's truly American? Helping them. Let's pass the #DreamActNow! https://t.co/BDmNWo8u7W
#Dreamers, we'll keep fighting until the #DreamAct becomes law. This is your home and you are #HereToStay.
Rs &amp; Ds called on the Administration to delay the #DACA renewal deadline, but roughly 48k haven't submitted their #DACA applications.
I say to @POTUS come out &amp; support a law to ban bump stocks, the modification used by the Las Vegas gunman to make his weapons automatic.
It’s imperative that Congress quickly pass additional aid to help Puerto Rico, USVI &amp; other states hit by storms and wildfires.
This is a good start, but those affected by Maria, Harvey, Irma &amp; wildfires still have a long &amp; difficult road ahead. https://t.co/YHjOOSzjqb
.@SenateFinance has now agreed to #ExtendCHIP - @SenateMajLdr should immediately put it to a vote &amp; include bipart health provisions. https://t.co/WtgvrwmKpV
ICYMI @washingtonpost doled out 4 pinnochios for some pretty extraordinary claims about the GOP Tax plan: https://t.co/I8J9A3VdAR https://t.co/hPxuRxQT20
Today @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats wrote @POTUS urging him to reject GOP budget that cuts Medicare &amp; more. https://t.co/1avgynXNM2
Starting soon: @SenateDems highlight how the GOP plan favors the rich, and sticks it to the middle class. https://t.co/LKV0pp7Lav
It can be a little hard to find, but it's right there in the GOP budget: $473 billion from #Medicare, over a trillion from #Medicaid. https://t.co/EKy4Kiavs9
The #Yankees Win!
Met w/ Puerto Rican &amp; USVI ldrs today on hurricane relief efforts underway &amp; what's still to be done. Congress must act to provide relief. https://t.co/Og9zpytXXs
@POTUS To have the gall to complain about PR while proposing tax cuts for millionaires that will cost trillions is the height of hypocrisy.
@POTUS Yes we’re spending money in Puerto Rico. To turn the power back on. To give ppl drinking water. And to keep life support machines working.
I don’t remember @POTUS telling Texas that they’d thrown our budget out of whack after Harvey. Or Florida after Irma.
Look, I'm glad @POTUS is going to Las Vegas tomorrow, that's a good idea. But he's got more to do. https://t.co/jnSegJRxlk
Meet Denisse, DACA recipient &amp; NY med student testifying today @ Judiciary Cmmte Hearing. This is her home #DreamAct https://t.co/GOoROEsBTw
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump .@realDonaldTrump it's time to stand up to the @NRA &amp; stand up for the over 30,000 Americans who are victims of #gunviolence each YEAR. 4/4
@POTUS .@realDonaldTrump come out against the GOP's absurd silencers law. Say youll veto it. Bring Congress tgtr &amp; address #gunviolence head-on. 3/
@POTUS After #LasVegas, @POTUS should remember he ran as an outsider who wasn't beholden to special interests. It's time to buck the NRA. 2/
We cannot banish evil or madness frm the earth. But Congress &amp; @POTUS must do all in our power to make our country a safer place to live. 1/
The first duty of good government: to keep one’s people safe. I'll speak more on that LIVE in a few minutes. Watch: https://t.co/p34iJZuuN6
Tune in NOW for an important hearing on the #DREAMAct &amp; what the future holds for #DACA recipients: https://t.co/rVIB0FhT3b
Still time to make your voices heard. Senate vote on #NetNeutrality opponent @AjitPai’s nomination to the @FCC hasn't started yet.
Very soon the Senate is scheduled to vote on @FCC Chair Ajit Pai’s nom for another 5yr term. Tune in if you're worried about #netneutrality
What Congress can &amp; must do is pass laws that keep our citizens safe, starting w/ laws to help prevent guns frm falling into the wrong hands
But we cannot banish evil from the earth. Congress can’t do that. Presidents can’t do that.
We will take care of the injured. We will mourn those lost with all our collective love &amp; support. We will bind up this new national wound.
We will have to reckon with the fact that this man was able to assemble an arsenal of military-grade weapons.
Some of the questions we have today won’t have clear answers; others are perhaps beyond our fathoming. But some will have answers.
What led a man to commit such violence upon his fellow human beings, complete strangers? What twisted reasoning? What madness?
What was this person’s perverted motive? Was there any history of mental health issues?
How did this monster acquire the arsenal he used to rain down death on a crowd of innocents?  Were those guns purchased &amp; compiled legally?
Today, we are filled with shock and horror, sadness and rage. And we are left with more questions than answers.
ICYMI - I spoke this afternoon about the Las Vegas shooting, now the deadliest mass shooting in US history. https://t.co/VlaOzpU54g
I commend the Las Vegas 1st responders, the SWAT team &amp; the regular ppl who acted quickly &amp; saved lives. Thank you.
Deeply saddened for the people of Las Vegas and the country. We will keep the victims &amp; their families in our hearts.
GOP #TaxReform plan &amp; what @SpeakerRyan says about it are 2 diff things. Says plan is for middle class but 80% is for wealthy-Get real Paul.
.@TaxPolicyCenter says under GOP #TaxReform "&gt;1/4 middle-income families would pay more in taxes." https://t.co/3txcBYRrsn
My friend @NancyPelosi and I are ready to fight harder than ever to pass the #DreamAct. https://t.co/99Q3jPykbS
Under GOP #TaxReform plan "80 percent of the tax benefits would accrue to those in the top 1 percent." https://t.co/zvgeGHucvN
America must be a leader for freedom and democracy, and safety for refugees is part of that. https://t.co/l2gmtFysUp
@HHSGov We must get patients out of #PuertoRico and to the care they need. @HHSGov can and must do more.
@HHSGov People are dying and some patients need to be evacuated. #PuertoRico
@HHSGov Dialysis centers are relying on generators. Those centers need clean water &amp; diesel. #PuertoRico
.@HHSGov the situation is not under control. People are not receiving care they need. They need resources #PuertoRico.
My office has been talking to Dialysis companies, American Kidney Fund &amp; HHS about emergency situation in #PuertoRico with Dialysis patients
As we were saying...
https://t.co/cgavaCSO6X
So proud of the NYers rallying to help #PuertoRico. Learn more about how to get involved w/ orgs like @HispanicFed https://t.co/l47cD9sU08
The fed gov must do more to help those whose lives were upended by #Maria. If youre looking for ways to do the same: https://t.co/KVg7VgNHES
@usairforce Our military is upping resources to PR, but we need more personnel, trucks, helicopters to direct &amp; transport supplies, et al on the ground.
Yesterday I met with @usairforce General Lori Robinson, who is in charge of the military’s role in the relief efforts for #PuertoRico. https://t.co/iYPW6iAju5
We cannot forget the utter devastation facing 3.5 million American citizens in Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands.
.@POTUS said his tax plan would create a middle class miracle. I think it would be a miracle if it helped the middle class.
And what kind of #TaxReform plan removes the State &amp; Local deduction when that's what keeps middle class families from being taxed twice?
How does GOP #TaxReform "help farmers" by repealing the #EstateTax, when only 50 small farms or biz would pay that this year?
When you cut taxes on the top 1% &amp; raise them for the lowest income Americans, that's NOT pro-American. #wealthfare
The GOP #TaxReform plan is even worse than their healthcare plan. Instead of #wealthcare, it's #wealthfare. https://t.co/Z15ZnCuswU
@FCC We can’t entrust them with the Internet – they’re already working on gutting #NetNeutrality
@FCC Chairman Pai &amp; the GOP already handed over your private data to big ISPs to sell to the highest bidder.
We need an @FCC chair who believes in free &amp; #OpenInternet &amp; knows it is a tool for science, art, entrepreneurs -not just corporate profits.
@SenateMajLdr @FCC Chairman Pai has bucked the calls of everyday Americans for #NetNeutrality, prioritizing the demands of big cable &amp; ISPs.
Tomorrow, @SenateMajLdr will have the Senate vote for another 5 yr term for @FCC Chair Ajit Pai. I will vote w/ a resounding NO.
The state deduction helps the middle class avoid double taxation - something I thought the GOP opposed. https://t.co/IMGO6uZIKa
We urge the GOP to pursue mainstream #taxreform that has fiscally responsible tax cuts for Americans who need it, not donors who demand it.
Rs &amp; Ds used to agree on the Baker Rule: #taxreform must be revenue neutral, judged on its own merits. No dynamic scoring. No Fake Math.
If they don’t pay for it, they’ll balloon the deficit and debt and then try to slash #Medicare and other important programs instead.
On top of that, this would cost anywhere from 5 to 7 TRILLION dollars and they have no credible plan to pay for it.
So if you are a giant corporation or in the top 1% - the GOP has a #TaxReform plan for you. 

If you aren’t?  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Plain &amp; simple: GOP #TaxReform ⬇️ the tax rate on the wealthiest from 39.6% to 35%. But ⬆️ for those working to make it to the middle class.
In #TaxReform, @POTUS asks Rs, Ds &amp; Is to come together for a pro-America tax code. One problem. Their plan is pro-the top 1% of-Americans
Here’s the GOP #TaxReform plan. Their cover page could be the nicest part: https://t.co/2Lf3Z1XxpS
Sitting here still trying to figure out how this #TaxReform plan helps the middle class like teachers, policemen, nurses, &amp; more. https://t.co/IywJNmBrQs
A lot to unpack with the GOP's #TaxReform plan. Joining Sen @RonWyden LIVE now: https://t.co/lNIFegk21u
.@SenBobCorker is a friend, fine, conscientious &amp;hard-working. His thoughtfulness &amp; dedication make him a model Sen. We regret him leaving.
Laid these steps out over a wk ago. Equifax should provide consumers w/every opportunity to try &amp; protect themselves. They've fallen short. https://t.co/j9GCu7seon
A change in leadership is exactly what we called for. But much, much more needs to be done at @Equifax. https://t.co/h5PqmNkmx9
Las palabras se las lleva el viento. Los ciudadanos estadounidenses en Puerto Rico y las Islas Vírgenes necesitan acción y resultados. https://t.co/BYIQRfh8MD
Instead of trying to take health care away from millions, the Trump Admin &amp; GOP should put an emergency aid bill on the floor this week.
The time for tweets and talk is over, the American citizens in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands need action and results.
Heading to the floor to urge my colleagues to work together to help Puerto Rico rebuild &amp; recover just as we would anywhere else in America.
@YonkersPD Thinking of her family &amp; the whole dept at this time.
Praying for a full recovery for the @YonkersPD officer who was shot in the line of duty last night &amp; is in the hospital.
Speaking LIVE about the latest on Graham-Cassidy, the #Trumpcare bill: https://t.co/sbOHkUVEYS
#GrahamCassidy penalizes states that put coverage for their citizens first &amp; already expanded #Medicaid. It does not #ProtectOurCare. https://t.co/Horukhp3hb
Tune in LIVE to the single, solitary hearing on #Trumpcare happening NOW in @SenateFinance - we're all watching. https://t.co/y7dSOdUI0X https://t.co/P22V9Cq9Mo
@SenateFinance Tune in https://t.co/RqGqjZBpI3 at 2pm for the first &amp; only hearing the GOP has agreed to on their latest #Trumpcare bill. #ProtectOurCare
There is a @SenateFinance hearing TODAY at 2pm on latest #Trumpcare bill. But what about the debate? The markup? Amendments? Regular order?
"...no room for delay or debate about rushing federal help to the citizens &amp; govt of Puerto Rico &amp; the stricken communities of the USVI." https://t.co/s97CTORZpr
Rs must join Ds &amp; work in a bipartisan way to provide relief for Puerto Rico &amp; the USVI as they find a new normal after Irma &amp; Maria.
Fighting to repeal health care while millions of Americans in #PuertoRico are struggling to find shelter is unconscionable.
It could take 6 months to restore power to 3.5 million Americans who live in Puerto Rico. #Trumpcare is not more pressing.
The skies may be clearer over Puerto Rico but there are still dark days ahead for Americans struggling to connect w/ family &amp; move forward.
Joined US veterans today who risked their lives for this nation &amp; shouldn’t have to fight to save their benefits from cuts under #Trumpcare https://t.co/EboCs7WeO8
Still no #CBOscore, but nonpartisan @BrookingsInst says these terrible numbers are a best-case scenario under #Trumpcare. https://t.co/kbfnUsRUnq
CHIP expires on Sept 30th. Why wont Republicans bring it to the floor? More than 8 million children should not be hostage to #Trumpcare. 2/2
Instead of attempting to jam through #Trumpcare next week, the Senate should be re-authorizing the Children's Health Insurance Program. 1/2
.@BPC_Bipartisan says it's time for bipartisanship on health care. Let's drop #GrahamCasiddy &amp; work tgtr to ensure quality, affordable care. https://t.co/ferOuvZR3L
Happy #RoshHashanah to all! https://t.co/VYPnBfefSK
Nuestros pensamientos están con las familias estadounidenses en Puerto Rico y el USVI resistiendo al Huracán María y recuperándose de Irma. https://t.co/eWgVSsonP3
Our thoughts &amp; prayers are with the American families of Puerto Rico &amp; the USVI weathering Hurricane Maria &amp; still recovering from Irma. https://t.co/ON8gDZ21IG
Thank you @jimmykimmel. https://t.co/DE42lqlB90
Heartbroken for our neighbors in Mexico after 2nd earthquake in weeks. Praying for families &amp; friends still waiting to hear from loved ones.
Es importante que los Dreamers cuiden su salud mental. Estas herramientas @UnitedWeDream pueden ayudar: https://t.co/9TXOnG1GS9
DACA recipients may be feeling anxious &amp; afraid. This mental health care toolkit can help them practice self-care. https://t.co/9TXOnG1GS9
Graham-Cassidy reduciría el "acceso y la cobertura para más de 30 millones de niños". @hospitales4kids no lo apoyan y nosotros tampoco. https://t.co/vbyKPyPurt
@jimmykimmel If you stand w/ @hospitals4kids @AARPadvocates @LittleLobbyists @AmerMedicalAssn &amp; others fighting to #ProtectOurCare, you know what to do.
@jimmykimmel If you think more Americans should have access to maternal care &amp; contraception - not less - make your voices heard. https://t.co/sU3O1uyPBJ
If you think #Trumpcare should pass the @jimmykimmel test, make your voices heard. https://t.co/POLPLwGqAD
If you think more American children, veterans, seniors and families should be covered - not less - make your voices heard.
If you think Americans should keep guaranteed coverage for maternity care, substance abuse &amp; prescription drugs, make your voice heard.
If you think Americans w/ pre-existing conditions should focus on getting healthy instead of fighting discrimination, make your voice heard.
I don't understand why some of my colleagues support the Cassisdy-Graham bill, but I do know they need to hear from you. #ProtectOurCare
New #Trumpcare would cause millions to lose coverage, eliminates protections for ppl w/ pre-existing conditions &amp; ups out-of-pocket costs.
¡Esto es sumamente importante! Tal vez no tengamos otra oportunidad de derrotar #Trumpcare. https://t.co/5EFCyjUuZ9
Just talked w/ @CoryBooker to share why we're fighting latest #Trumpcare bill. @ChrisMurphyCT joins him w/ more: https://t.co/IIacDp6iFA
#Trumpcare lives again under the name Graham-Cassidy. It's another bill that drastically cuts health funding for Americans who need it most. https://t.co/tp1zHMpm5V
We know this new #Trumpcare bill guts Medicaid. For our country's youngest most fragile patients &amp; many others that doesn't #ProtectOurCare. https://t.co/HaXI7gmmbr
We also know the new #Trumpcare bill defunds @PPFA, stripping millions of women of their right to access affordable health care - Join us: https://t.co/z4JbVaQxDJ
Here’s what we know about what the new #Trumpcare would do: https://t.co/FwddtFnMLw
This Frankenstein monster of a bill just keeps coming back. Somehow, each time it’s managed to get worse. #Trumpcare #ProtectOurCare https://t.co/9ITKWCJLcA
ICYMI: Just left the Senate floor, talking about the latest with #Trumpcare &amp; what it means across the country: https://t.co/etTbkyTsn1
Make your voices heard New York. This latest #Trumpcare bill is meaner than ever. https://t.co/O1BlLOQbUR
Under the latest GOP #Trumpcare bill, Cassidy-Graham, Iowa would lose $525 Million in federal funding. #ProtectOurCare
Under the latest GOP #Trumpcare bill, Cassidy-Graham, Arkansas would lose $1.1Billion in federal funding.
Under the latest GOP #Trumpcare bill, Cassidy-Graham, Colorado would lose $823 Million in federal funding. #ProtectOurCare
Under the latest GOP #Trumpcare bill, Cassidy-Graham, West Virginia would lose $554 Million in federal funding. #ProtectOurCare
Under the latest GOP #Trumpcare bill, Cassidy-Graham, Maine would lose $115 Million in federal funding.
Under the latest GOP #Trumpcare bill, Cassidy-Graham, Arizona would lose $1.6 Billion in federal funding.
Under the latest GOP #Trumpcare bill, Cassidy-Graham, Alaska would lose $255 Million in federal funding. #ProtectOurCare
This is not a drill. The GOP is back w/ another version of #Trumpcare &amp; it's no better than their last plan. It's worse.
Sen Cassidy says Cassidy-Graham healthcare bill is close to having 50 votes. We can't rest - this bill wont #ProtectOurCare!
🚨Red Alert🚨

#Trumpcare is back &amp; Senate GOP has until Sept 30 to pass their bill. We need your voices more than ever!
.@WSJ says "So go ahead &amp; cut that deal [for DACA recipients], Mr President, and include a path to citizenship too."
https://t.co/2bgYWK9ak2
@JECDems Each dollar spent on early learning &amp; care generates up to $7.30 of benefits to society. It's a no brainer - we must invest in our kids.
@JECDems When we invest in affordable &amp; accessible pre-k we are giving parents, children &amp; our communities #ABetterDeal. Learn more &amp; follow @JECDems
We know early learning helps students thrive in our modern economy. Read @JECDems new report: https://t.co/ydREARyXEK
@SenateDems On top of that, we want to give #ABetterDeal to the talented men &amp; women caring for our children &amp; increase their pay. They deserve it.
@SenateDems Dems also want to double the number of children who are eligible for child care assistance.
.@SenateDems' #ABetterDeal ensures no family under 150% of state median income pays more than 7% of their income on child care.
1 in 3 families report spending 20% or more of their income on childcare. American families need #ABetterDeal https://t.co/AzdUQKlhJI
@Equifax @CFPB If the average citizen did anything close to what @Equifax corporate leaders did, he would be fired immediately. https://t.co/aEUR7K31fD
@Equifax @CFPB If @Equifax doesn't agree to these things in 1 week, the CEO &amp; entire Board should step down. It's commonsense &amp; the baseline of decency.
@Equifax Equifax must
-Notify all impacted
-Offer credit monitoring &amp; freezes
-Comply w/ @CFPB's forced arbitration rule
-Cooperate w/ all investigs
@Equifax We must get to the bottom of this, the murky bottom. Equifax must be held accountable and answer for its actions.
@Equifax .@Equifax stunningly &amp; epically failed to perform 1 of its 2 essential duties, to protect the sensitive info of the people in its files.
What has transpired with @Equifax over the past several months is one of the most egregious examples of corporate malfeasance since Enron.
800,000 Dreamers anxiously await action by this Congress. There is no reason to wait. #ProtectDREAMers https://t.co/1uZLUNtl3o
Tax season is months away but teachers need to know about the Educator Expense Deduction! Visit: https://t.co/WZWGLTdKb4
New York teachers: don’t miss out on this important tax deduction #Back2School https://t.co/73Hwx4dEsL
I fought for the deduction, but not enough of our teachers know about it – an estimated 103,000 upstate NY teachers missed out on it in 2015
With the Teacher Expense Deduction, out-of-pocket expenses for books, supplies, and computer equipment could earn teachers a tax deduction.
In NY, @UFT says our great teachers spend an average of $485 of their own money on classroom supplies. They deserve a tax break!
.@NEAToday says America's teachers spent $1.6 Billion of their own money on school &amp; classroom supplies in one school yr alone.
GOP Governors Kasich &amp; Baker have already said that they’re not for this bill. We need to start working together in a bipartisan way. https://t.co/ZOEIIa60Hy
@KrisKobach1787 @Heritage @HvonSpakovsky It's clear that this commission is nothing more than a thinly veiled attempt to advance the voter suppression agenda. It must be disbanded!
@KrisKobach1787 @Heritage @HvonSpakovsky If members of the #ShamVotingCommission can’t tell the truth on the record, how can they be trusted to "bring integrity" to elections?
@KrisKobach1787 @Heritage @HvonSpakovsky That's interesting considering that @Heritage released a statement saying @HvonSpakovsky wrote the email LESS THAN TWO HOURS LATER! https://t.co/7gD33ORrY3
@KrisKobach1787 @Heritage When asked by a reporter, commission mbr @HvonSpakovsky, who works for @Heritage, denied any knowledge of the email: https://t.co/xYcZlbJkYY
@KrisKobach1787 Also, an email surfaced yesterday from @Heritage to the Administration demanding the #ShamVotingCommission exclude Dems &amp; mainstream Reps https://t.co/5PvJHtZin1
For starters @KrisKobach1787 doubled down on lies about fraud in NH elections which were struck down by the NH SOS. https://t.co/suA0gqWxtS
Yesterday’s meeting of the #shamvotingcommission gave the best evidence yet that the commission is a phony solution in search of a problem.
Her fight forever changed our nation &amp; we are all better because we knew her. She is an icon. A fighter. A champion. #restinpower Edie. https://t.co/ByyeMZtLkX
EXCLUSIVE: I found the missing #iPhone9 https://t.co/gku6hmBVoL
I'm fighting for tax relief for middle class families &amp; #NotOnePenny should go to the top 1%. Read more: https://t.co/yHgR2XHB8n
The big GOP tax plan cuts revenue that could fund programs the middle class needs all to help the top 1%. That's bad policy &amp; bad economics.
On #September11 we grieve but also honor those who embody the American spirit &amp; gave their lives in the air &amp; on the ground to save others. https://t.co/b0JISMRb7t
We will #NeverForget those we lost 16 yrs ago today or the 1st responders we are losing still from 9/11 related illness. #September11 https://t.co/IL037W0gXn
Making sure loved ones are safe during Hurricanes &amp; storms should be a fed priority. SANDY Act would do just that. More at 11:30am
In this day &amp; age protecting wireless towers &amp; antennae networks is more critical than ever - esp during hurricanes &amp; natural disasters.
We cant stand for inaction when it comes to cleaning harmful PFOS contamination at Gabreski – time to pay up. https://t.co/4xcujZmOqV
If you are still trying to contact friends &amp; family in Puerto Rico &amp; USVI after #HurricaneIrma, please also try https://t.co/xORDikdovX
After #HurricaneIrma2017 many still searching for family &amp; friends in USVI, Rep @StaceyPlaskett recommends using https://t.co/JQ0YWbvTGe
#HurricaneIrma2017 brought devastation to USVI &amp; PR. Praying for these Americans as they try to restore power, rebuild &amp; find loved ones.
#DREAMers are Americans in their hearts; they should be able to become Americans in the books of law too. We wont rest until that happens. https://t.co/5MEwlAuI4P
Once Kirssy was terrified to talk about her status. DACA changed her life &amp; let us hear her story. https://t.co/i2NHgH1sqp #ProtectDREAMers
A few yrs ago, I spoke at #DREAMer Kirssy Martinez’s graduation from @BCCcuny where she was the co-valedictorian with a perfect, 4.0 GPA.
It's clear the decision to end DACA is bad economics. But the moral cost is devastating. #ProtectDREAMers
We've heard from hundreds of business leaders, many who signed onto this letter in defense of DACA. #DREAMers https://t.co/Y3jzJLrD56
Ending DACA would deprive thousands of employers who rely on these workers &amp; would cost them nearly $2 billion over two years alone.
The 800K DREAMers in the US work in our companies, go to our schools, &amp; serve in our military. Ending DACA throws their future into doubt.
And there's still a lot more work to do: #DREAMAct, Children's Health Insurance Prgm, Flood Insurance, FAA, and national defense bill.
The nation can breathe a sigh of relief. We've agreed to help those recovering from Hurricane Harvey, avoid default, &amp; avoid a shutdown.
Congress has an ability &amp; obligation to #ProtectDREAMers - urging @SpeakerRyan &amp; @SenateMajLdr to immediately put the #DreamAct to a vote.
In fact, a recent @amprog study found 91% of DACA recipients are employed, paying taxes and paying into Social Security.
Make no mistake: #DREAMers contribute greatly to our country, especially to our businesses &amp; our economy as a whole. #ProtectDREAMers
.@POTUS' decision to end DACA was heartless &amp; it was brainless. If it stands, families will be ripped apart &amp; biz will lose employees.
Starting soon! Tune in: https://t.co/Y7kydNqD7h
El costo humano y económico será catastrófico. Haremos todo lo posible para evitar que esta orden errónea se haga realidad #DefendDACA
Los soñadores son personas trabajadoras y sus contribuciones son vitales para nuestro país y nuestra economía. #DefendDACA
